--------------------
26.133376501224898

Walking into the stands at Raymond James stadium, I could only think one thing: "Man, if we lose I am going to look extremely silly."
Well, actually, that is a lie.
The only thing I could really concentrate on was "Holy moly these stairs are steep oh god I am going to fall" as I walked into the upper deck. Seriously, Tampa. 
Those seats are scary.
Being a fan of the opposing team was a weird feeling. 
There was no hiding who we were with -(because)- the teal jerseys stuck out among all the red and there was a sort of friendship among us Jaguar fans, even though we had never met. 
In fact, my boyfriend and I were waiting for the gates to open when an older gentleman in a nice suit and a Jaguar hat came up to talk to us. 
We talked for a bit and he told us he was the father of fifth round pick Thomas Williams. 
That was pretty awesome. 
We also saw who we thought was Mike Walker's family. 
However, the fun came -(when)- the game started (mostly -(because)- I was able to ignore how high up we were oh god). 
I was feeling rather critical of the team after last week's game against the Dolphins but they did not disappoint. 
On the Bucs first try down the field, Earnest Graham fumbled on third and one. 
Reggie Hawyard, who had been out due to injury, -(forced)- the fumble and Paul Spicer scooped it up. 
-(Because)- of good special teams and great defense, the Jaguars found themselves on the 23 yard line. 
The short drive -(resulted)- in a field goal after Garrard's pass to Reggie Williams was short at the five yard line. 
On the Bucs second time with the football, Jeff Garcia threw a terrible pass into Reggie Nelson's hands. 
After a Justin Durant flag, the Jaguars found themselves once again close to the endzone. 
After a Fred Taylor run and a Matt Jones first down, Garrard threw the ball to Dennis Northcutt -(for)- the touchdown. 
After the Bucs punted the ball away, it was time to judge the offense's real ability. 
After all, getting the ball close to the 20 yard line made it pretty easy to score. 
Now they were on their own 21 yard line. 
Now they had to drive it down the field. 
However, the Jaguars went three and out -(after)- Troy Williamson dropped the ball and Garrard got sacked. 
As the Bucs drove down the field to their own endzone, Garcia threw another pick to Reggie Nelson. 
Honestly, as a fan in the stands, it was hard not to laugh a little. 
Unfortunately, my laughter was soon stopped -(as)- Garrard threw an interception to Ronde Barber. 
Finally, in the second quarter, the Bucs drove down the field without a turnover and Garcia threw to Michael Clayton for the touchdown.
After a Jaguar punt, they looked like they were going to score again until their kicker missed a field goal and the time ran out on the first half. 
After the half, the Jaguars came out swinging. 
The first string offense drove down the field -(for)- a Garrard to Marcedes Lewis touchdown. 
It helped that Dennis Northcutt got a first down and then Tampa got a flag for roughing the passer. 
After that play, the second string offense (except the line) and defense came in. 
The game slowed down a lot -(as)- the starters left the field. 
Cleo Lemon got to work behind the first string offensive line -(so)- the Jaguars could take a real look at him. 
Scobee kicked for another field goal. 
Trae Williams intercepted a ball. 
The game came to a complete hault -(when)- Tampa's Antoine Cash sustained a neck injury. 
Every player for both teams came out on the field to gather around him. 
I think that was good. 
Not only did it show respect but it had the added bonus of keeping the media out. 
He was taken off the field in a strechter. 
It looked serious but recent reports say that he has been released from the hospital and that it is not as bad as it could have been.
Afterward, Scobee kicked for another field goal -(and)- were up by six. 
The Bucs drove down the field, in the last seconds looking like they wanted to score but a tackle by Trae Williams ended the game at Tampa's 11 yard line. 
It was a good, exciting game for a preseason game. 
Unfortunately, the pass game is still looking weak but the defense and special teams came out strong. 
They showed what they needed to after the Miami loss.

--------------------
21.32800355768466

That's Oklahoma with the paddle. 
When I was in college, I had a dream in which the Huskies were playing a heavily-hyped, top-5 team. 
(In the dream, it was Colorado.) 
The first half went poorly -(and)- the Dawgs were down several touchdowns at halftime. 
-(To)- begin the second half, they kicked off to Colorado, whose return man didn't make it to the ten yard-line before he was absolutely hammered by a Husky player. 
I was elated! 
The Husky player then removed his helmet and he was actually my friend Christina. 
She promptly informed the returner of her intention to do something unclean to the resting place of a close member of his family. 
It was a truly inspiring moment. 
Yesterday's Husky game played out about the same, right up until Oklahoma returned the 3rd quarter kickoff twenty yards and then scored -(on)- a 77-yard touchdown pass on the third play from scrimmage. 
So much for dreams. 
So, Okies, you've gotten a lot of shit on these pages, but I'll confess: you've got my respect. 
Husky crappiness notwithstanding, that was an impressive performance.

--------------------
20.050610696619504

Filed under: Fresno State, Rutgers, Big East, WAC
Fresno State made its first trip to the East Coast -(to)- play Rutgers. 
It wasn't a direct flight. 
They had to stop in Kansas along the way. 
For the first half, they played that way (even if they did get to New Jersey on Saturday). 
Sloppy, ragged and just off. 
Luckily for Fresno State, Rutgers felt like being a generous host. 
The score was still 0-0 at halftime -(as)- the Scarlet Knights blew chances. 
Twice inside the 10-yard line with nothing to show for it, plus two missed field goals. 
In the second-half, the Bulldogs got on track. 
Running back Ryan Mathews began wearing down the Rutgers defense, like Ray Rice had done for Rutgers the last couple years. 
Mathews piled up 163 yards and 3 touchdowns. 
Rutgers was opening up a partially completed expanded stadium, and laid an egg. 
The questions about the Scarlet Knights without Ray Rice to carry the load loom larger. 
QB Mike Teel could move the ball well between the 20s, but threw costly interceptions -- including one in the endzone. 
His touch wasn't quite there, and there was no running back to take the pressure off of him -- Kordell Young may have had 94 yards but it took 26 carries (and 13 yards came on one run) to get there. 
Fresno State now has a week off -(to)- get ready for a visit from Wisconsin. 
Permalink | Email this | Linking Blogs | Comments

--------------------
19.9204438991474

Or maybe not. 
It wasn't that the Saints played exceptionally well on Sunday -(to)- win the game; it was that the Niners just weren't performing. 
Reggie Bush, after scoring me about 30 fantasy points last week, ran a dreadful 31 yards on 10 attempts. 
He did however get 5 receptions. 
For 7 yards. 
How many screen passes can you throw before you figure it's time to give up? 
Deuce "Deuce" McAllister did return from the injury graveyard and scored a TD. 
Good for him. 
Flashes back to the 2005 season were floating in my head. 
And my main man, Drew Breesy as I call him, did a heck of a good job. 
3 touchdowns and 363 yards. 
Not so bad! 
And O'Sullivan, well. 
How many times did he get sacked? 
I lost count after 5.
And I lost faith -(when)- he threw his second interception.
Ouch. 
Guess he really was missing the luck 'o the Irish. 
He was just lucky. 
He didn't get injured. 
Wakka Wakka Wakka. 
I almost thought I was watching Brett Favre, until I heard he threw 6 touchdown passes. 
What the heck? 
Seriously. 
FUCK YOU BRETT FAVRE! 
And Rodgers got injured. 
Ugh. I can already hear all those fat moans from "Wisco" groaning about how they made a mistake sticking to the man from the bay and letting old Dinosaur face go. 
Way to create some unnecessary drama, hillbilly. 
KCCal (a big Kurt Warner fan) also isn’t happy you took a crap all over the Jesus Freak’s team. 
Seriously, fuck Brett Favre. 
From The Play in CA, a California sports humor blog

--------------------
19.440000201395257

It was the first one I had seen in its entirety. 
I saw the beginning of numero uno, the one where Rashon Kennedy ran all over Southern. 
I missed last year's. 
But I got an opportunity to view the game from the press box -(and)- enjoyed every minute of it. 
The game started off great for Southern Lee. 
Jake Brower's kick was fumbled by Lee County's returner and recovered by Southern. 
The next play, SoLee running back Jeremy McLeod took it to the house. 
20 yard touchdown run. 
We were off and running. 
Lee County came back with two huge passes, one a 51 yarder from Dakota Hart to Chris Thompson. 
Unfortunately, the Yellow Jackets did something they did all night: not convert near the end zone. 
Herald sportswriter Ryan Sarda calculated that Lee County was inside the 10-yard line and failed to score 5 times. 
That tended to be the downfall. 
Going 2-8 on third downs didn't really help either. 
SoLee was a beast most of the night. 
Despite having no passing game at all, Ashton Gaines' crew ran all over the Yellow Jackets. 
Unbelievable stuff there. 
I had heard a lot about Omar Murriel, but he did not show up tonight. 
He had 50 something yards on 11 carries. 
An adequate performance at best. 
He was way overshadowed by Jeremy McLeod. 
McLeod was another beast. 
He had 170+ yards and 2 touchdowns, including a killer 97-yard run with 5:58 left in the first half/second quarter. 
Killer. 
Jake Brower, a guy I know actually, nailed a 47-yard field goal with 0 seconds on the clock -(to)- -(end)- the first half for SoLee. 
Crazy stuff, man. 
He's a killer! 
Well, now that I've said the word "killer" to end a paragraph twice and the word "beast" twice, I've lost all my journalistic reputation. 
Brilliant.

--------------------
19.34012039801769

IRVING, Texas (AP) 
Marion Barber was gaining yards and dishing out more punishment than he took, justifying the Dallas Cowboys' confidence in -(making)- him their featured back. 
Then he went to the locker room with bruised ribs. 
In came top draft pick Felix Jones. 
All he did was run 11 yards for a touchdown on his first carry. 
A shoelace tackle -(kept)- him from going 67 yards for another touchdown on his next carry. 
Felix The Cat finished his night with nine carries for sixty- two yards and one touchdown. 
That one touchdown was my favorite highlight of Sundays romp over the Cleveland Browns. 
Theres not many players that get to enter into their memory banks that their first call to duty in the NFL -(resulted)- in a touchdown.
It's exciting to fathom what was going on in his head once Barber walked to the locker room and coach Phillips put him in the game with eleven yards to go for pay-dirt. 
Takes me back to some of my childhood memories of Thomas the Train. 
I Think I Can. 
I Think I Can! 
Whooo Whooo! 
Then, in an instant he blasts through the line -(for)- the score. 
I was extremely excited for him, but my excitement quickly turned to anger after the touchdown. 
Number 26 Sean Jones of the Browns got real close to having a bottle of sudz whizzed at his head from across the room for stripping Felix's first touchdown ball. 
Luckily Felix got his ball back and I saved myself about twenty five hundred dollars -(by)- not chunking my drink through a brand new sixty seven inch TV. 
Felix stated to the press that the reality of what had happened didn't sink in -(until)- he started receiving calls from family and friends congratulating him on his accomplishment. 
Then it really hit him. 
Patrick Crayton also stated to the press that he didn't think Felix has stopped smiling yet! 
It was very difficult to find any articles on Felix's touchdown over the web. 
He was overshadowed by the Boy's win, Barbers ribs, and Tom Brady's season ending injury. 
But we here at LoneStarStruck.com got your back Felix! 
Congratulations to you! 
I envy you for the memory that you got locked into your head. 
You are very blessed. 
Like I said before, not too many players have the luxury of saying my first play in the NFL was for a touchdown. 
Cheers to you and cheers for a excellent start to the 2008 season! Way To Go! How Bout Dem Cowboys!

--------------------
19.127486112901252

Yesterday was the first game of the season. 
After school, Julie and I drove around everywhere -(to)- find paint for our faces. 
Seriously, we drove EVERYWHERE. 
We finally found some. 
So, the most amazing part of the game, was also the most embarrassing thing to ever happen to Fallbrook's varsity team in ever. 
In my opinion. 
We were playing Marrieta Valley. 
MV was at our 10 yard line. 
The quarterback passed the ball. 
Our number 90 intercepted. 
He made a touchdown. 
Wanna know how? 
HE MADE AN 80 YARD RUN -(FOR)- A TOUCHDOWN FOR THE OTHER TEAM. 
NOT OUR TEAM. 
THE OTHER TEAM! 
HE FREAKIN SCORED A TOUCHDOWN FOR MV, WHICH WAS THEN A TOUCHBACK, WHICH GAVE THEM 2 POINTS. Fuck. 
I lost my voice screaming at that dumb kid to turn around. 
Everyone was like, "Noooooooooooo," and we were all pointing the other way. 
Afterwards, he was so pissed, and so was everyone else. 
But I'm not going to lie. 
It was the most freakin hilarious thing ever. 
I laughed so hard and so long afterwards. 
Sure, we lost. but at least now I have something interesting to post about. 
Kim and Michele also came over afterwards. We fed Michele Asian food and noodles. It was so much fun. Now, onto my homework.

--------------------
19.059660288226773

Remember this scene? 
I sure do. 
Its an image that has been replayed in my mind over and over again. 
I remember getting the tickets to the game on July 27th, 2007, and hoping that Stegall wouldn't get that TD until I was there. 
The day had come, and there was Stegall, still one touchdown away from being the all time CFL TD leader. 
And there I was in the box seats that my dad had scored from an old business friend, watching the game. 
I remember with about nine minutes left in the second quarter, Milt Stegall caught a big pass downfield and I thought that was it. 
Then, with about seven and a half minutes left, he caught the pass at the one. 
Could this get any closer, I asked myself. 
Now, I did do some research on those last two, but this one, I will remember forever. 
Stegall lines up on the left side, and motions across. 
The ball is then snapped, and Kevin Glenn throws a one-yard score to Stegall. 
I remember the stadium roaring so loud, and there I was, goosebumps on my arms, cheering along. 
I also remember getting a picture with Milt Stegall the next day, being almost the last in line to do so. 
Now, what does this have to do with the article name? 
Well, not only did the Winnipeg Blue Bombers get a much needed win last night over the Toronto Argonauts, and not only was in Retro Night, but Milt Stegall the Touchdown Beagle broke yet another record. 
There are still more accomplishments for Milt Stegall, but for now, I would like to congratulate him on this great accomplishment.

--------------------
18.633604263117974

So we won last night. 
We played the team that had not won a game and I felt confident going in. 
Then half our team didn't show up. 
There were 5 of us at game time and no girls. 
Though we did have one guy's chinese gf, who had never played before and was wearing flipflops. 
About 5 minutes after game time our captain and his gf showed up bringing us up to 7 players. 
We totally should have had to forfiet, but they let us play and even let us get shoes for the Chinese gf. 
Then while warming up I caught a ball wrong -(and)- jammed my finger. 
We were up at half and I had even caught a couple passes including what should have been a touchdown. 
The other team only wanted to throw deep passes and they scored on a a couple, but they would have killed us if they had thrown short passes and run it the whole game. 
We had basically 6 on 8 and they had two guys that were 6 foot 5. 
Instead it seesawed all second half -(until)- they scored on the deep ball with 2 minutes left. 
We got the ball back and moved it all the way down the field (including overcoming what was the most bullshit gender penalty). 
In fact there were penalties on almost every play we ran either on us or them. 
4th down and inches from the goaline with 9 seconds left. 
It would have been nice to particiapte in winning the game, but we just left the QB run it in. 
I'm just glad he wasn't throwing picks. 
So I got home at 11 and hurt all over but especially my finger which I don't think is broken, but is swollen up all sausage-like. 
I slept badly and kept dreaming of vampires. 
Then I got to work to find out my sound guy is charging me almost double what we agreed on so I have to call and yell at him. 
I need to track down Skuter to find if we have alternate sound in case I have to pull the plug on this jerkass. 
Trying to rip off the library? Really?

--------------------
18.507544280896717

Yes I know the Texans lost to the Cowboys. 
I don't feel like writing about that now. 
I came across this from ESPN's Paul Kuharsky and enjoyed the way he "praised" Vince in the first sentence of his story. 
The Falcons beat the Titans 17-3. 
ATLANTA -- 
Vince Young looked far better tonight than he did last week against the Raiders. 
But he still wound up with a 44.2 passer rating and an interception to go with no touchdown passes. 
The Titans looked to have game planned a bit more -(and)- he made some good throws and some good decisions. 
One point of emphasis through the first two weeks was that Young had managed the game well -(and)- not turned the ball over. 
He did tonight, with a bad throw on the final play of the first quarter. 
He seemed flat-footed -(as)- he threw well behind Brandon Jones. 
Cornerback Chevis Jackson picked it off easily and took it 28 yards. 
The Falcons moved to a 39-yard Jason Elam field goal from there -(and)- pulled even at 3-3.

--------------------
18.030827562905106

It was the opening play everyone in Wallace Wade Stadium was waiting for: quarterback Thaddeus Lewis would drop back for the first time all season, look deep to his favorite target, wideout Eron Riley, in single coverage down the sideline and a 50-yard pass would float into Riley’s hands, outstretched over the cornerback’s, as he danced into the endzone to kick off the David Cutcliffe era with gusto.
Well, sort of. 
Lewis executed the play action perfectly, buying Riley time -(to)- run down the left side the field in single coverage. 
The crowd, already on its feet, roared with anticipation -(as)- it saw Riley streak, step by step, with his defender as Lewis opened his front shoulder and lofted the ball high in the air. 
Except as soon as it left the quarterback’s hand, it was clear the ball would land at least five yards in front of the intended receiver–which is exactly what happened. 
“-(When)- [Cutcliffe] called that play, I kinda figured there was a chance we could score on that first play, so why not take a shot?”
Lewis said Tuesday, adding that the play was not scripted in advance. 
“Coach said I had my mind made up, that if I had went through my reads I probably could’ve hit Kyle Austin on the go route. 
But I was trying to get a big play on the first–” I interrupted him before he finished his sentence. 
“You were going to Eron no matter what, right?” I asked. 
“Yeah, yeah, definitely,” Lewis said. 
And even though the pass fell to the ground–unlike two tosses that found Riley’s hands in the endzone later in the 31-7 win–it was exactly the type of risky and fan-happy offensive set spectators wanted. 
Of course, Duke started the 2007 season with a similar play that -(resulted)- in a 53-yard gain and eventual touchdown. 
And while the Lewis-to-Riley connection -(proved)- fruitful in that season opener, we all know how the scoreboard read on the game’s last play: with Duke on the other end of Saturday’s result. –by Ben Cohen

--------------------
17.686445373181844

Sorry i havent posted in so long. 
Im going away on a week long hiking trip with my grad class, its like you go in groups of 10, ya i told you but anyways, its going to be awesome fun but check this out. 
- Leave sunday 
- After a week of football 
- A game today (which we won 40-13, but ill explain that later - Ive got a broken toe - And my back/neck fucking kill So ya, its going to be a fun trip 
On the bright side, its only me and owen as the guys, excluding these two faggots that everybody in our group hates, so its me, owen, and 6 girls. 
Sounds like a damn good time to me. 
Anyways, today we had a football game. 
I played good, made a couple good tackles and good coverage. 
made 1 mistake that ended up in a 20 yard gain but whatever, shrugged it off and kept going. 
Also i got to return the ball on kick return. 
-(When)- they kick the ball to you, because our number 1 running back broke his ankle on practice the other day, -(so)- that was effin amazing. 
We were down 13-0 at the half and like 100 people had come to watch us, -(so)- we were feeling kinda down then at half we fuckin snapped out of it and pulled our head out of our ass. 
I made a great return, then our offense marched down and scored, then at kickoff the other team couldnt get hold of the ball, -(so)- we got it back, and scored again. 
Two touchdowns without them touching the ball, then it just went to shambles. 
Our Defence (which i play on) just raped them. 
They scored like 2 first downs all 2nd half, which is pathetic. 
We scored 6, count them 6! unanswered touchdowns. 
It was just an amazing game. 
And against our arch rival too. 
-(BEcause)- last year they were beating us and started to chant "Husky hunt, Husky hunt, Husky hunt" 
-(BEcause)- were the OKM huskies. 
-(So)- we were just pissed the fuck off going into this game. 
We didnt showboat or brag, we just bent them over, raped them in the ass, and let them know there was no hunting this year. 
Anyways, i gotta go watch a movie with the family. Cya in a week

--------------------
17.48682741523804

Washington Times: 
“Brennan steals spotlight from Favre; Rookie QB outshines Jet with winning touchdown” 
EAST RUTHERFORD, N.J. | 
Colt Brennan put a damper on Brett Favre ’s big night. 
The future Hall of Famer was excellent in his New York debut, but Washington’s rookie quarterback made the biggest play, -(beating)- the blitz to hit tight end Jason Goode with a touchdown pass late in the fourth quarter that -(beat)- the Jets 13-10 Saturday night at Giants Stadium. 
“They had been blitzing a lot and the play before that they got us on a blitz,” said Brennan, who was celebrating his 25th birthday. 
“So I was anticipating blitz and they blitzed again. We had the tight end going over the middle and there was only [safety James Ihedigbo] guarding him. 
I threw it off my back foot. 
It wasn’t a very good ball. 
The defender had to go up and try to make a play on it, too, instead of securing the tackle. 
Jason was able to grab the ball, spin out and nobody was there. 
When they blitz, either they win or we win and on that one, we won.”

--------------------
17.407193452564353

The Browns started the preseason tonight with some good showings and some not so good. 
The Jets got the opening kick. 
They got a couple first downs and then on a fourth-and-1, the defense stuffed the QB sneak by the Jets Kellen Clemens -(for)- no gain. 
On the first play from scrimmage, Jamal Lewis ran for 12 yards. 
QB Derek Anderson took the Browns down the field -(on)- a 62-yard drive. 
Anderson threw behind Braylon Edwards in the end zone, but the Pro Bowl WR did a complete turn around to grab the ball with one hand and drag it in. 
Extra point good, and the Browns were up 7-0. 
Then the rain and lightning started. 
The refs stopped the game -(because)- of the storm. 
One hour later the play resumed. 
Browns starters sat the rest of the game. 
Last year’s first round pick Brady Quinn looked decent. 
He led the Browns on a 9-play 65-yard scoring drive. 
He only threw one really bad pass into traffic. 
I would like to see him look down field first. 
He seemed to look for the short passes or dump offs first.
 TE Martin Rucker had a good night, catching some nice passes, but dropped a few he should have had. 
WR Travis Wilson had a good game too. 
The return game looked real good. 
The KO return game averaged over 36 yards a return. 
Jason Reda, the backup kicker to Phil Dawson, looked good also. 
He kicked 2 FGs, but the thing I liked the best was the kickoffs. 
They were all to the goal line or into the end zone. 
Dawson’s kicks rarely get into the end zone anymore. 
-(So)- the first and second team offenses looked decent. 
The first string defense looked pretty good. Second and third string didn’t look very good. 
Shortly after the storm delay, Nick Sorenson and A.J. Davis got split and burned -(on)- a 71 TD pass to Jets rookie WR David Clowney. 
LB Nate McMillan was called for 2 offside penalties, which didn’t help. 
Then Mil’Von James and Steve Cargile got burned -(on)- a 70 yard TD pass to Clowney again. 
Then the Browns punt team kicked the ball to the right side, where the had the return surrounded, and -(let)- the Dwight Lowery dance right out of the coverage for a 62 yard TD. 
Not good! Here’s my list of problems with tonight’s game for the Browns. 
There is “no” depth in the defensive backfield. 
There was “no” pressure on the Jets QB. 
Browns 3rd string QB Ken Dorsey looked “no” better than a third string backup. 
Rookie WR Paul Hubbard dropped two passes in the end zone on the last drive. 
One he should have had and one that if he wants to make the team, he better catch. 
I realize the starters only played a quarter, but the second and third stringers need to step up. 
Get some pressure on the opposing QB. Receivers need to hold on to the ball. 
Cut down on turnovers and create some for the other teams. 
Overall it was a decent showing, and we have a lot to look forward to. Like the playoffs.

--------------------
17.351965611933295

Well, we all know how the Maryland game went - hot, humid, muggy, and disappointing. 
But, all was not lost. 
Those of us who went to the game had a blast cavorting around DC, visiting the various establishments of the alcohol trade, and meeting many more Cal fans than you might expect to find concentrated 3000 miles away from our shining campanile. 
At least the game started to get exciting in the fourth quarter. 
I'm convinced that the team started playing well -(once)- the cloud cover made it about 10 degrees cooler, and while that's no excuse for the first half, being there and bringing back the repressed memory of the suburb of hell that was College Park Maryland that day, I would personally completely understand if that were the case. 
But, in the end, all I came home with was a Washington DC shot glass, a Maryland Terrapins frisbee that I found on some lawn, and an unsatiable craving to make soup out of the Terrapins next year in California, where we have weather fit for this planet and not the center of the sun. 
It turns out that Terrapin soup actually exists, too (I'm guessing it's just Turtle soup with this specific variety of turtle, but it works for me): Mmmm kay, I'm glad I will never eat that, but I am also glad that it exists. 
What kind of mascot is a Terrapin anyway? 
I think mascots should be ranked based on the ability to make a soup out of them. 
Bear soup? I think not. 
Terrapin soup? Yessir. 
Anyway, here are some photos I took at the game. 
Enjoy. 
They actually spelled Berkley (er, Berkeley) wrong on the tickets. 
Glad I didn't go to that school. 
A missed touchdown pass before the half, which -(led)- to The missed field goal that bounced off the left goalpost. Ugh. 
I happened to catch the moment pretty perfectly, here's a crop of the above image: Damn. 
Definitely on the wrong side of the post there. 
There was a great turnout of Cal fans, all decked in blue and gold. 
It was way too similar to a Big Game between the two colors and the line between the sections was very distinct. 
Halftime came and went, then the third quarter, and still no touchdowns. 
Finally a touchdown! Riley completes to Morrah. 
The three touchdowns this fourth quarter were some of the first excitement for the game for the Cal section, and spirits started to lift.
These touchdown drives had everybody thinking "why the heck couldn't they do this from the start?" Notice how there's finally some shade, as the clouds come out. 
It started to look a little like Berkeley and suddenly the Bears came out to play, but sadly, too little too late. 
Awesome shot of Calvin making a jump to catch this 15 yard pass in the 4th quarter on the 3rd and final touchdown drive. 
Cal was finally looking like they knew what they were doing. 
And there's that final 10-yard touchdown pass to Tucker. 
Go Bears! Nice drive. 
There was some semblance of hope in the air. 
But, the onside kick was recovered by the Terrapins and the game died down. 
Final score, 35-27 Terrapins. 
Cal Band Great! All Hail and Lights Out are played in a somber mood. 
Time to trudge back to the metro stop. 
Apparently it would have been a good idea to wait for the metro shuttle bus, despite the half-mile long line, -(as)- the walk to the metro seemed to hurt more than the game itself. 
It was fun being harassed by Terrapin fans though; always fun to confuse them. "Cal Sucks! " "Go Bears!" ". Cal Sucks!" "Go Bears!". (drives away slowly). 
Go Bears! Beat the Terrapins next year! And don't ever take the weather in the bay area for granted - it truly is some of the best around.

--------------------
17.247022534045062

NFL Football at its best. 
NFL Football at its craziest. 
Drew Stanton can run, but can he pass? 
Drew Stanton played for the Michigan State Spartan football team a few years ago. 
He was a fabulous runner and an average passer. 
It was an odd combo for a quarterback in a passing offense, but at times it worked. 
The defense had to cover Drew so much -(that)- they would ignore either the run or the pass. 
Last Sunday, Drew ran a naked bootleg, as a Detroit Lion quarterback, -(for)- a touchdown against the Bengals. 
It looked awesome. 
Even the cameras were fooled. 
How did he do it? It was easy. 
He only told the running back Artose (detoose) Pinner that it was a fake. 
After the ball was snapped, Stanton faked a handoff to Pinner. 
The line went left. Pinner went left. 
Even the TV cameraman followed Pinner. 
Meanwhile, Stanton booted right with the ball. 
He danced past one defender for a 10-yard touchdown, capping the Lions’ 27-10 victory. 
“There was one guy coming over to me to try to tackle me, and I laughed when I looked over to the right and I saw Drew, like, pointing at the gap, pointing at the guy who was about to tackle him, and he ran into the end zone,” Pinner said. “-(So)- that was funny to me.” 
source Be sure to check out my companion blog at NBA Obsessed. As always, any NFL Football related comments are welcome. More blogs about football. Tags: artose-pinner, bootleg, Detroit Lions, drew-stanton, football, nfl Share This

--------------------
16.265229491568256

Skelton actually had a bang-up day. 
Except for a big fumble (CREDIT: Fordham Athletics) 
Now that I've had a chance to really comb through the Fordham-Dayton stats, I want to correct a mistake I made in the previous post about Ram QB John Skelton on 3rd down. 
While I listened to the game yesterday, it seemed that he threw tons of incomplete passes in key situations. 
But it turns out he was an incredible 10-for-12 on 3rd down for 91 yards and 8 first downs. 
His yards per attempt on 3rd down was 7.58! 
Most of his key 3rd down passes went to David Moore and Asa Lucas for between 7-15 yards, -(so)- I expect Columbia's linebackers and safeties to be busy this Saturday. 
The more I look at it, the more it becomes clear that Fordham beat themselves with turnovers at the worst moments. 
-(To)- be completely fair, the Rams got a gift TD of their own -(after)- the Dayton punter tried to take a safety and ended up giving Fordam the ball on the Flyer one -(because)- he intentionally kicked the ball out of his own end zone. But overall, a little more mental discipline would have sealed this one for the Rams.

--------------------
16.157331615060798

I got an internship at Northwestern Mutual! I'm pretty excited about that. 
It means that I can stay home over the summer. 
The drive is going to be a bitch every day though, but I can handle it. 
I found that out yesterday. 
I called the HR person of NM after my drug test, and I said that I am still interested in the position, and she said that it was mine.
I'll be starting there the day after Memorial Day, -(so)- I'm pretty excited about that. 
But other than that, I didn't do a whole lot yesterday. 
I went to a CE 452 group meeting, in which I made an excuse and left early. 
I have no motivation for that class anymore. 
I went back to my room, helped Matt work with his speech, went to the drug test, helped Matt some more with his speech, talked to Jen on AIM, played in a flag football game, talked to Jen some more on AIM, then helped Matt with some Math. 
The flag football game was intense. 
We won, something like 34-27. 
But man was it fun. 
We were down by two at half, 12-14, but had a strong second half. 
It was raining, -(so)- the conditions were really slippery. 
I didn't have spikes, -(so)- that really sucked. 
I caught my first pass, knew someone was coming up behind me, so I tried to change direction -(and)- cut to the opposite direction that he was running, but I slipped immediately. 
I only had two catches, but both of them were for first downs. 
And I should have had a touchdown. 
But my glasses were so wet from the rain that it was hard to see, and Russ threw a pass to me in the endzone, -(and)- I lost the ball immediately -(because)- of the rain. 
If I would have seen it, I would have ran towards the ball and caught it before it was intercepted. 
But oh well. 
I played basically the whole game though, only sat out the first and last drives.
I came out -(because)- -(when)- I was on defense, someone from the other team ran up behind me by accident in my blind side and dug their cleets into my ankle. 
My sock was all nice and bloody -(because)- of it. 
We had our wounds. 
Matt had a huge cut above his eye, and he might have had a minor concussion. 
But man was it fun. 
I can't wait until next week! 
But other than that, yeah not much. 
I can't concentrate at all on school stuff, but I need to do work tonight for sure. 
Have a spanish composition to write, spanish worksheet to do, CS assignment to finish by Friday, and I need to figure out what we're doing in Linear Algebra -(because)- I NEED to do well on this quiz we're having on Friday. 
Oh, and my Math professor ended up seeing my point, and gave me an 8 on the quiz I took last week. Persuasion for the win.

--------------------
16.126219000557438

Both my sons played their first games of football last weekend. 
My 5-year-old played a game of flag football and it was as expected - like herding sheep. 
Kids ran in all directions and general confusion ensued for the first half of the game. 
By the second half most of the kids had started to grasp the "don't move until the ball is hiked" concept. 
This game was followed by his older brother's, who just happens to be playing tackle football. 
And he couldn't be more excited about the prospect of game days in full pads. 
Much like the opening game, there was plenty of confusion at the start. 
They don't have enough players on their team -(to)- actually scrimmage each other. 
It appeared early on that the concept of facing opponents, some decidedly bigger than them, was daunting. 
My son, who plays running back, got the ball a few times. 
He also made a few nice tackles. 
I was glad to see that he wasn't afraid to stick his nose in there and get dirty. 
Then it happened: on a broken play up the middle, he scampered outside and made it to the sidelines, then turned and headed up field, a chase of about five players behind him. 
He crossed midfield and the parents in the bleachers started to scream. 
I'm sure my friends in California could have heard me yelling, "Run! Run! Run!" One of the larger kids was on his tail -(and)- began to gain on him. 
They crossed the 20 yard line and one of the opposing team's coaches yelled, "Dive!" The team that was set to play next now had lined up on the sidelines and were cheering him on. 
The kid dove. 
And missed! 
And a roar came up from the bleachers and the sidelines and pandemonium broke loose among his teammates -(as)- they ran to congratulate him in the end zone. 
I don't think I've ever felt that kid of pure joy in my life. 
My son had just scored his first touchdown in his first football game on a 60 yard, knuckle-biting broken play. 
I wanted to cry. 
Parents came up to me and asked me, "Is that your son?" with gleaming eyes. 
"Yes, that's my boy," I said proudly pondering how they would view me next week if I just fell down and cried tears of joy. 
Then he had to kick off. 
And play safety on defense. 
He got juked bad and the kid scored. 
He came out for a rest and some water but while he was out their quarterback got the wind knocked out of him. 
So he went back in as quarterback. 
He later told me he was scared -(because)- their quarterback kept getting sacked. 
But after getting sacked twice himself -(because)- the textbook hand-offs he was attempting were left with confused running backs going in opposite directions, he just kept it on third down and bootlegged his way around the corner for a decent gain. 
Then the first string kid came back in and he went back to running back. 
They may have lost the game but boy howdy did seeing my son score a touchdown tickle my spine in a new and unfound way.

--------------------
16.067297627614643

Yep, there's the Patriot's touchdown. 
Okay, so I might have actually gone to godaddy.com. 
That was lame, and I'm ashamed of myself. 
I'll take the penalty. 
I really have no interest in Tom Petty at halftime. 
I might have to check out the Puppy Bowl. Oops. I guess that's a pre-game show. WOOO! 
Beautiful catch, Amani! Mother. 
I knew Eli's interception-free post season couldn't continue forever. 
Ooh, Iron Man commercial. D
H would be jealous. 
That is, -(if)- he's not watching it in some bar in Venice. 
Yes! Nice defensive stop I wish I could articulate the sound Marge makes when she's annoyed. 
Phew. Dodged a bullet there. 
C'mon guys, lets not fall apart now! 
That was definitely a drive that I was glad ended with a punt. 
I kind of liked the Thriller lizards. 
Yes, yes, yes! The running game is on! That was a fucked up play. Huh. 
I didn't know there was 'an illegal bat forward' penalty. Damn it! 
So much for getting the ball back in the second quarter. 
I am, though, loving all the hits on Brady. 
I take the above statement back. 
The Giants do get the ball back. 
With 10 seconds left. 
Okay, no amazing touchdown to end the half. 
But I'm happy. I really wanted a Super Bowl that didn't turn into the Ravens rout like seven years ago, and so far so good.

--------------------
16.026874118836783

im in 7th grade and we had a game tonight against a team that went undefeated last year and im starting runningback 
i scored 3 touchdowns and 170 yards in the first quarter and in the seond quarter i didnt get any yards even though i should have had a 24 yard touchdown but it got called back -(because)- of unsportsman like conduct on our center and i only played defense the rest of the game so i didnt get any more yards we won 28-6 i now i did good but how good did i do

--------------------
16.021837975810044

Well, yesterday was awesome! 
There was a football game afterschool, and I didn't want to drive back home, and then back up, but today nobody was doing anything afterschool, so I ended up going home with Jennee. 
That was pretty fun. 
Jennee gave me a shirt to wear, since I don't own any shirts from my school, so now I have a new shirt! 
Then Jennee went to take a shower, -(so)- I ended up going upstairs and talking to her mom for a half hour. 
I still don't know why, but Jennee's mom just loves me. 
She told me before we left for subway that I was welcome to come back any time. 
So me and Jennee went and met Rachel, Meagan and Erin at subway and ate, then headed over to the football game. 
Since Jennee was in the band, me rae mae and erin sat with her. 
That was actually neat. 
I attempted to play the saxaphone and the piccolo. 
I managed to make sounds on both! 
So anyways, the actual football game was amazing, we were down by one the entire game, then on the last play, with just a few seconds left in the game, our team bombed the ball from like, the 50 yard line for a touchdown. 
It was so awesome. Then we hung out for a bit after the game, then headed home. Can't wait for our next home game!

--------------------
15.706549080294984

Arsenal secured a win against FC Twente with goals from Captain William Gallas and Emmanuel Adebayor. 
In a drab match Arsenal won whilst not playing at their best. 
Arsenal started with a inexperienced midfield with Aaron Ramsey and Denilson starting in the centre of midfield. 
Our featured player Nicklas Bendtner started from the bench. 
First Half Arsenal started the game with kick off -(and)- tried to get a feel of the ball passing it around the back up to the midfield, but Twente werent reluctant to keep it that way and got in Arsenal’s faces. 
The first chance fell to Twente Striker Deneboom -(when)- he skipped passed Brazilian Denilson and Gael Clichy before blasting it just over. 
Another chance came Twente’s way a few minutes later Arnautovic was through on goal but slipped on route to goal and hit straight at the alert Manuel Almunia. 
Arsenal looked though they was missing the more creative midfielders in Cesc Fabregas and Samir Nasri and the first chance came from a 30 yard strike from Gael Clichy with the ball moving in the air the goalkeeper punched it straight out to Bacary Sagna who fired wide after showing good movement to get to the rebound. 
Arsenal looked contempt with the 0-0 at half time and it went that way as the referee blew the half time whistle. 
Half Time Arsenal came firing out the blocks looking for that crucial away goal, firing a couple of long shots towards Twente’s goal.
Arsenal had a free kick 35 yards out left of the goal, Van Persie squared it to youngster Aaron Ramsey who fired a shot wide. 
Arsene Wenger was looking frustrated -(and)- sent Nicklas Bendtner, Carlos Vela and Mark Randall down the touchline to warm up. 
Arsenal got that crucial away goal from William Gallas, Van Persie whipped in a free kick from the right and Gallas helped it on -(to)- -(give)- Arsenal the lead in the 63rd minute. 
Arsenal looked happy to sit on that one goal lead and played ” keep ball “. 
Arsenal introduced English youngster Mark Randall 18 and he looked neat and tidy in posession. 
Arsenal got the killer second goal in the 82nd minute a long diagonal ball was played down the right Theo Walcott crossing it for Emmanuel Adebayor -(to)- -(get)- the second. 
Our featured played Nicklas Bendtner came on in the 88th minute and nearly scored with his first touch, Clichy threw it long, Twente’s goalkeeper looked favourite to get there but Bendtner got there first but the keeper covered the angle and parried it away. 
That was the final action of the game, in a dull performance but Arsenal got what they needed and grinded out a result. 
Full Time Article by Matthew789

--------------------
15.59230617295398

So the UCF game was alot of fun. 
I love tailgating and having the stadium right on campus of course rocks -(because)- then everyone is right there to just continue the party right after the game. 
We got penalized 104 yards -(and)- had one of our touchdowns taken away but we still managed to tie the game which was impressive. 
I think the official time was three hours without a penalty for USF which was slightly suspicious but not enough to ruin the game I guess. 
Our quarterback was a bit of a pussy trying to do all the same plays from last year -(when)- our runningback kicked ass, once he learns to pass the ball UCF will have a great team. 
BTW that 91 yard touchdown yes! That was so awesome! 
And complete proof that USF played like crap there's no way a ranked team should have let that happen. 
Their coach was pissed too. 
But busy sooo busy really shouldn't have taken so much time out for the football game but it really seems like they are not enough home games to satisfy, plus it's so much fun to hang out with my brother. 
Ummm other than that I've got everything ready to make the Fleet Street Masquerade invitations so yeah everyone should be expecting those pretty soon. 
I'm thinking I am going to have people RSVP too just so I know who is coming and can plan appropriately. 
Also to make sure I have room in my house for everyone that is planning on coming. XD.
 It is after all the biggest party I throw all year. 
Met with Dr. Bledsoe about my thesis and it's nice to have some really give me better direction on how to prove what it is that I want to prove. 
I also got the "it's not a novel" thing that I think I needed to hear. 
But still he thinks it's got alot potential and I guess you can't ask for anything more.

--------------------
15.164619779290161

So I got nothing done today. 
Well, except for cleaning the litter box and going to the football game. 
I was going to work on the office when I got home, but I was way tired. 
The game was great. 
The Vikes actually won! 
We got caught it a little traffic in downtown. 
Alex took one exit too early. 
But we got there in plenty of time -(so)- we grabbed some food and headed to our seats. 
Mmmm ballpark brats. Tasty. 
I also got a pretzel and cheese. 
The game started out slow. 
Our special teams needs some remedial tackling drills. 
But by the half we'd drawn even with a field goal and touchdown (ours was defensive, off a tackle and fumble recovery). 
The second half was all ours, managed to actually score another field goal and an offensive touchdown (on a forward pass even!). 
Special teams still sucked, but thankfully a Carolina 80 yard return got called back for illegal block to the back. 
I was amazed the officiating wasn't retched this week. 
But the talk of the game? 
The Pats getting spanked by the *Dolphins*. AT HOME. 
Sorry Measi, but dude what the hell happened? 
Alex was nice enough to drop me off at my Dad's place. 
Mom needed to borrow his car for a couple of days. 
So I drove his car over to her place and she took me home. 
I didn't get home until 5pm. 
Now it's time to go to bed. 
Tomorrow, I get to pay bills! Oh yah, what fun. 
In the evening, Sandi and I are going to see Wall-E. Mom was supposed to go with us, but she isn't feeling well. 
Tuesday, Nancy (whose basement I used to live in) is coming for dinner and to see my new place. 
Wednesday I'm having breakfast with Sandi and Meghan.
 I'm hoping for a good waffle special. 
Alex asked if I wanted to go to RenFest with them on Sunday. 
But I don't know if I can afford it this week. 
Mom's birthday is coming up too, so I have to figure out what to get her.::waving bye-bye to all my moolah::


