--- 4 ---
Yields on money-market mutual funds continued to slide, amid signs that portfolio managers expect further declines in interest rates. 
The average seven-day compound yield of the 400 taxable funds tracked by IBC/Donoghue's Money Fund Report eased a fraction of a percentage point to 8.45% from 8.47% for the week ended Tuesday. 
Compound yields assume reinvestment of dividends and that the current yield continues for a year. 
Average maturity of the funds' investments lengthened by a day to 41 days, the longest since early August, according to Donoghue's.
Longer maturities are thought to indicate declining interest rates -(because)- they permit portfolio managers to retain relatively higher rates for a longer period. 
Shorter maturities are considered a sign of rising rates -(because)- portfolio managers can capture higher rates sooner.
The average maturity for funds open only to institutions, considered by some to be a stronger indicator -(because)- those managers watch the market closely, reached a high point for the year -- 33 days.
Nevertheless, said Brenda Malizia Negus, editor of Money Fund Report, yields "may blip up again before they blip down" -(because)- of recent rises in short-term interest rates. 
The yield on six-month Treasury bills sold at Monday's auction, for example, rose to 8.04% from 7.90%. 
Despite recent declines in yields, investors continue to pour cash into money funds. 
Assets of the 400 taxable funds grew by $1.5 billion during the latest week, to $352.7 billion. 
Typically, money-fund yields beat comparable short-term investments -(because)- portfolio managers can vary maturities and go after the highest rates. 
The top money funds are currently yielding well over 9%. 
Dreyfus World-Wide Dollar, the top-yielding fund, had a seven-day compound yield of 9.37% during the latest week, down from 9.45% a week earlier. 
It invests heavily in dollar-denominated securities overseas and is currently waiving management fees, which -(boosts)- its yield. 
The average seven-day simple yield of the 400 funds was 8.12%, down from 8.14%. 
The 30-day simple yield fell to an average 8.19% from 8.22%; the 30-day compound yield slid to an average 8.53% from 8.56%. 
--- 5 ---
-(When)- it's time for their biannual powwow, the nation's manufacturing titans typically jet off to the sunny confines of resort towns like Boca Raton and Hot Springs. 
Not this year. 
The National Association of Manufacturers settled on the Hoosier capital of Indianapolis for its fall board meeting. 
And the city decided to treat its guests more like royalty or rock stars than factory owners. 
The idea, of course: -(to)- prove to 125 corporate decision makers that the buckle on the Rust Belt isn't so rusty after all, that it's a good place for a company to expand. 
On the receiving end of the message were officials from giants like Du Pont and Maytag, along with lesser knowns like Trojan Steel and the Valley Queen Cheese Factory. 
For starters, the executives joined Mayor William H. Hudnut III for an evening of the Indianapolis Symphony Orchestra and a guest pianist-comedian Victor Borge. Champagne and dessert followed. 
The next morning, with a police escort, busloads of executives and their wives raced to the Indianapolis Motor Speedway unimpeded by traffic or red lights. 
The governor couldn't make it, -(so)- the lieutenant governor welcomed the special guests. 
A buffet breakfast was held in the museum, where food and drinks are banned to everyday visitors. 
Then, in the guests' honor, the speedway hauled out four drivers, crews and even the official Indianapolis 500 announcer for a 10-lap exhibition race. 
After the race, Fortune 500 executives drooled like schoolboys over the cars and drivers. 
No dummies, the drivers pointed out they still had space on their machines for another sponsor's name or two. 
Back downtown, the execs squeezed in a few meetings at the hotel before boarding the buses again. 
This time, it was for dinner and dancing -- a block away. 
Under the stars and moons of the renovated Indiana Roof ballroom, nine of the hottest chefs in town fed them Indiana duckling mousseline, lobster consomme, veal mignon and chocolate terrine with a raspberry sauce. 
Knowing a tasty -- and free -- meal when they eat one, the executives gave the chefs a standing ovation. 
More than a few CEOs say the red-carpet treatment tempts them to return to a heartland city for future meetings. 
But for now, they're looking forward to their winter meeting -- Boca in February. 
--- 6 ---
Newsweek, trying to keep pace with rival Time magazine, announced new advertising rates for 1990 and said it will introduce a new incentive plan for advertisers. 
The new ad plan from Newsweek, a unit of the Washington Post Co., is the second incentive plan the magazine has offered advertisers in three years. 
Plans that -(give)- advertisers discounts for maintaining or increasing ad spending have become permanent fixtures at the news weeklies and underscore the fierce competition between Newsweek, Time Warner Inc. 's Time magazine, and Mortimer B. Zuckerman's U.S. News & World Report. 
Alan Spoon, recently named Newsweek president, said Newsweek's ad rates would increase 5% in January. 
A full, four-color page in Newsweek will cost $100,980. 
In mid-October, Time magazine lowered its guaranteed circulation rate base for 1990 while not increasing ad page rates; -(with)- a lower circulation base, Time's ad rate will be effectively 7.5% higher per subscriber; a full page in Time costs about $120,000. U.S. News has yet to announce its 1990 ad rates. 
Newsweek said it will introduce the Circulation Credit Plan, which awards space credits to advertisers on "renewal advertising."
The magazine will reward with "page bonuses" advertisers who in 1990 meet or exceed their 1989 spending, -(as)- long as they spent $325,000 in 1989 and $340,000 in 1990. 
Mr. Spoon said the plan is not an attempt to shore up a decline in ad pages in the first nine months of 1989; Newsweek's ad pages totaled 1,620, a drop of 3.2% from last year, according to Publishers Information Bureau. 
"What matters is what advertisers are paying per page, and in that department we are doing fine this fall," said Mr. Spoon. 
Both Newsweek and U.S. News have been gaining circulation in recent years without heavy use of electronic giveaways to subscribers, such as telephones or watches. 
However, none of the big three weeklies recorded circulation gains recently. 
According to Audit Bureau of Circulations, Time, the largest newsweekly, had average circulation of 4,393,237, a decrease of 7.3%.
Newsweek's circulation for the first six months of 1989 was 3,288,453, flat from the same period last year. U.S. News' circulation in the same time was 2,303,328, down 2.6%. 
--- 7 ---
THREE COMPUTERS THAT CHANGED the face of personal computing were launched in 1977. 
That year the Apple II, Commodore Pet and Tandy TRS-80 came to market. 
The computers were crude by today's standards. 
Apple II owners, for example, had to use their television sets as screens and stored data on audiocassettes. 
But Apple II was a major advance from Apple I, which was built in a garage by Stephen Wozniak and Steven Jobs for hobbyists such as the Homebrew Computer Club. 
In addition, the Apple II was an affordable $1,298. 
Crude as they were, these early PCs -(triggered)- explosive product development in desktop models for the home and office. 
Big mainframe computers for business had been around for years. 
But the new 1977 PCs -- unlike earlier built-from-kit types such as the Altair, Sol and IMSAI -- had keyboards and could store about two pages of data in their memories. 
Current PCs are more than 50 times faster and have memory capacity 500 times greater than their 1977 counterparts. 
There were many pioneer PC contributors. 
William Gates and Paul Allen in 1975 developed an early language-housekeeper system for PCs, and Gates became an industry billionaire six years after IBM adapted one of these versions in 1981. 
Alan F. Shugart, currently chairman of Seagate Technology, led the team that developed the disk drives for PCs. 
Dennis Hayes and Dale Heatherington, two Atlanta engineers, were co-developers of the internal modems that allow PCs -(to)- share data via the telephone. 
IBM, the world leader in computers, didn't offer its first PC until August 1981 as many other companies entered the market. 
Today, PC shipments annually total some $38.3 billion world-wide. 
--- 8 ---
The U.S. and Soviet Union are holding technical talks about possible repayment by Moscow of $188 million in pre-Communist Russian debts owed to the U.S. government, the State Department said. 
-(If)- the debts are repaid, it could clear the way for Soviet bonds to be sold in the U.S. 
However, after two meetings with the Soviets, a State Department spokesman said that it's "too early to say" whether that will happen. 
Coincident with the talks, the State Department said it has -(permitted)- a Soviet bank to open a New York branch. 
The branch of the Bank for Foreign Economic Affairs was -(approved)- last spring and opened in July. 
But a Soviet bank here would be crippled -(unless)- Moscow found a way to settle the $188 million debt, which was lent to the country's short-lived democratic Kerensky government before the Communists seized power in 1917. 
Under a 1934 law, the Johnson Debt Default Act, as amended, it's illegal for Americans to extend credit to countries in default to the U.S. government, -(unless)- they are members of the World Bank and International Monetary Fund. 
The U.S.S.R. belongs to neither organization. 
Moscow has settled pre-1917 debts with other countries in recent years at less than face value. 
The State Department stressed the pre-1933 debts as the key to satisfying the Johnson Act. 
But the Soviets might still face legal obstacles to raising money in the U.S. until they settle hundreds of millions of dollars in additional debt still outstanding from the World War II lend-lease program. 
--- 9 ---
LSI Logic Corp. reported a surprise $35.7 million third-quarter net loss, including a special restructuring charge that -(reflects)- a continuing industry-wide slowdown in semiconductor demand. 
In September, the custom-chip maker said excess capacity and lagging billings would -(result)- in an estimated $2 million to $3 million net loss for the third quarter. 
But company officials said yesterday that they decided to take a $43 million pretax charge for the period -(to)- cover a restructuring of world-wide manufacturing operations, citing extended weakness in the market as well as a decision to switch to more economical production techniques. 
"Over the summer months, there has been a slowing in the rate of new orders from the computer sector, our primary market," said Wilfred J. Corrigan, chairman and chief executive officer. 
"In addition, recent industry forecasts for 1990 indicate a slow environment, at least until midyear." 
As a -(result)-, the company said it decided to phase out its oldest capacity and "make appropriate reductions" in operating expenses.
The $35.7 million net loss equals 86 cents a share. 
Not counting the extraordinary charge, the company said it would have had a net loss of $3.1 million, or seven cents a share. 
A year earlier, it had profit of $7.5 million, or 18 cents a share. 
Revenue rose 42% to $133.7 million from $94 million. 
The charge partly reflects a switch from older five-inch to more-efficient six-inch silicon wafers with which to fabricate chips. 
Related to that decision, the company said it was converting its Santa Clara, Calif., factory to a research and development facility. 
A spokesman declined to speculate about possible reductions in force. 
"This is a company that has invested in capacity additions more aggressively than any other company in the industry and now the industry is growing more slowly and they are suddenly poorly positioned," said Michael Stark, chip analyst at Robertson, Stephens & Co. 
"I think the stock is dead money for a while." Yesterday's announcement was made after markets closed. 
 U.S. chip makers are facing continued slack demand following a traditionally slow summer. 
Part of the problem is that chip buyers are keeping inventories low -(because)- of jitters about the course of the U.S. economy. 
--- 11 ---
Five things you can do for $15,000 or less: 
1.Buy a new Chevrolet. 
2.Take a Hawaiian vacation. 
3.Send your child to a university. 
4.Buy a diamond necklace. 
5.Make a lasting difference in the regulatory life of an American savings-and-loan association through the Foster Corporate Parents Plan. 
Americans today spend $15,000 like pocket change -- they don't think much about it. 
But for an ailing savings-and-loan association -- teetering on insolvency -- it can -(lead)- to safety from imminent demise and to a future full of promise. 
Your $15,000 will -(help)- keep a needy savings and loan solvent -- and out of the federal budget deficit. 
As a Foster Corporate Parent, you'll be helping a neighborhood S&L in areas -(crucial)- to its survival. 
Like healthy regulatory capital. 
A steady deposit base. 
Performing loans. 
At the same time, you'll give your Foster Savings Institution the gift of hope and freedom from the federal regulators who want to close its doors -- for good. 
As a Foster Corporate Parent, you will experience the same joy felt by Robert Bass, Lewis Ranieri, William Simon and others, who find ways -(to)- -(help)- troubled savings institutions and their employees help themselves. 
That -(builds)- confidence, self sufficiency, not to mention critical regulatory net worth. 
Don't wait -- a savings institution needs your help now! 
Every day you delay, a savings institution's health -- and the federal budget deficit -- grows worse. 
Think about the good you can do for just $15,000 a month, about the cost of a mid-size Chevrolet or two semesters at a state university.
Then send your support to a savings institution that has taken a bad rap in the press and on its bottom line. 
Every $15,000 you send will go a long way -(to)- -(boost)- sagging net worth and employee morale -- -(and)- keep your Foster Savings Institution off the federal budget deficit! 
Mr. Baris is a lawyer in New York. 
--- 12 ---
Rep. John Dingell, an important sponsor of President Bush's clean-air bill, plans to unveil a surprise proposal that would break with the White House on a centerpiece issue: acid rain. 
The Michigan Democrat's proposal, which is expected today, is described by government sources and lobbyists as significantly weaker than the Bush administration's plan to cut utility emissions that -(lead)- to acid rain. 
The administration's plan could cost utilities, mainly those that use coal, up to $4 billion a year. 
The proposal comes as a surprise even to administration officials and temporarily throws into chaos the House's work on clean-air legislation. 
As chairman of the House Energy and Commerce Committee, Mr. Dingell has almost single-handed control over clean-air legislation. 
People close to the utility industry said Mr. Dingell's proposal appears to guarantee only an estimated seven-million-ton cut in annual sulfur-dioxide emissions that -(lead)- to acid rain, though additional cuts could be ordered later. 
Mr. Bush's legislative package promises to cut emissions by 10 million tons -- basically in half -- by the year 2000.
Although final details weren't available, sources said the Dingell plan would abandon the president's proposal for a cap on utilities' sulfur-dioxide emissions. 
That proposal had been hailed by environmentalists but despised by utilities -(because)- they feared it would limit their growth. 
It also would junk an innovative market-based system for trading emissions credits among polluters. 
In addition, it is believed to offer a cost-sharing mechanism that would -(help)- subsidize the clean-up costs for the dirtiest coal-fired utilities in the country, sparing their customers from exorbitant jumps in their electric bills. 
The administration, sticking to its vow of avoiding tax increases, has staunchly opposed cost-sharing. 
Mr. Dingell's staff was expected to present its acid-rain alternative to other committee members, apparently in an attempt to appease Midwestern lawmakers from high-polluting states who insist on cost-sharing. 
It isn't clear, however, whether support for the proposal will be broad enough -(to)- pose a serious challenge to the White House's acid-rain plan. 
While the new proposal might appeal to the dirtiest utilities, it might not win the support of utilities, many in the West, that already have added expensive cleanup equipment or burn cleaner-burning fuels. 
Lawmakers representing some of the cleaner utilities have been quietly working with the White House -(to)- devise ways to tinker with the administration bill -(to)- address their acid-rain concerns. 
--- 13 ---
The Finnish government and major creditors of bankrupt shipyard Waertsilae Marine Industries Oy agreed in principle to form a new company -(to)- complete most of the troubled shipyard's backlog of 15 ships. 
The new company will attempt to limit the shipyard's losses, participants said. "The situation is that the bankruptcy court will get out of the shipbuilding business. 
Everything will be taken over by the new company," said Christian Andersson, executive vice president of Oy Waertsilae, former parent of Waertsilae Marine. 
-(Once)- its ownership is finalized, the new company will open talks with state-appointed receivers -(to)- buy or lease Waertsilae Marine's shipyard facilities. 
Subcontractors will be offered a settlement and a swift transition to new management is expected -(to)- -(avert)- an exodus of skilled workers from Waertsilae Marine's two big shipyards, government officials said. 
Under an accord signed yesterday, the government and Union Bank of Finland would become major shareholders in the new company, each injecting 100 million Finnish markkaa ($23.5 million). 
Oy Waertsilae is to contribute 200 million markkaa, most of it as subordinated debt, -(and)- take a minority stake in the new company. 
Customers holding contracts for Waertsilae Marine's undelivered ships are expected to subscribe most of the remaining 170 million markkaa in share capital, government officials said. 
Waertsilae Marine's biggest creditor is Miami-based Carnival Cruise Lines Inc. Carnival, which has three ships on order from Waertsilae Marine, presented claims for $1.5 billion damages in the bankruptcy court this week. 
Waertsilae Marine's bankruptcy proceedings began Tuesday in a Helsinki court. 
--- 20 ---
A bitter conflict with global -(implications)- has erupted between Nomura Securities Co. and Industrial Bank of Japan, two of the world's most powerful financial companies. 
The clash is a sign of a new toughness and divisiveness in Japan's once-cozy financial circles. 
Not only are Japan's financial institutions putting their enormous clout to work; increasingly they're squaring off against one another in unprecedented public fashion. 
Already, the consequences are being felt by other players in the financial markets -- even governments. 
What -(triggered)- the latest clash was a skirmish over the timing of a New Zealand government bond issue. 
Nomura was attempting to organize the 50 billion-yen ($352 million) borrowing in Japan at a time when many Japanese banks, led by Industrial Bank of Japan, were pressuring the Wellington government -(to)- -(help)- them recover loans made to a defunct investment bank that had been owned by New Zealand's civil-service pension fund. 
Unwilling to put up new money for New Zealand until those debts are repaid, most banks refused even to play administrative roles in the new financing, -(forcing)- an embarrassed Nomura to postpone it this week. 
The dispute shows clearly the global power of Japan's financial titans. Aside from Nomura's injured pride, the biggest victim so far has been the New Zealand government. 
-(Barred)- by its budget law from making any new domestic bond issues, Wellington's Debt Management Office had been casting abroad to raise the 3 billion New Zealand dollars (US$1.76 billion) to NZ$4 billion it -(needs)- to come up with by the end of its fiscal year next June 30. 
With Japan's cash-flush banks aligned against it, though, -(raising)- money may be difficult. 
Not only can they block Wellington from raising money in Japan, bankers here say, but as the largest underwriters in the Eurobond market, they might be able to scuttle borrowings there, too. 
New Zealand's finance minister, David Caygill, lashed out at such suggestions. 
He told reporters in Wellington Tuesday that the government hadn't guaranteed the loans to DFC New Zealand Ltd., an investment bank 80%-owned by the National Provident Fund, and wouldn't bail it out. 
"It may very well be what the Japanese banks want," he told Radio New Zealand. 
"I think it would be irresponsible and I am not about to be blackmailed by Japanese banks or any other international interests." 
No less significant than the Japanese banks' attempt to cut off funds -(to)- pressure a foreign government are the implications of a confrontation between Japan securities and banking industries. 
Anxiety is rising -(over)- recent government proposals to eventually lower the strict barriers that now separate -- and protect -- the two industries from each other. 
Both sides are jealously guarding their turf, -(and)- relations have been at a flashpoint for months. 
The banks badly want to break into all aspects of the securities business. 
Meanwhile, the securities companies -- most of them smaller than the banks -- are seeking access only to limited kinds of banking that wouldn't open them to the full brunt of competition from the banks. 
Nomura, the world's biggest securities company largely by virtue of its protected home field, and Industrial Bank of Japan, Japan's most innovative and aggressive bank in capital markets abroad, captain the opposing sides. 
And their suspicions of each other run deep. 
In the past year, both have tried to stretch the limits of their businesses. 
Nomura started a credit-card venture with American Express Co. that -(allowed)- cardholders to use their Nomura securities accounts like a bank account, attracting the wrath of banks. 
And Industrial Bank of Japan started up a London securities subsidiary that sells Japanese stocks to non-Japanese institutions overseas, a move that -(stirred)- the anger of the stock brokerage firms. 
The New Zealand bond issue simply has brought the two institutions face-to-face.
--- 26 ---
West Germany will -(repeal)- the unpopular turnover tax on securities transactions as of Jan. 1, 1991, Economics Minister Helmut Haussmann said. 
He said the government will also -(repeal)- the 1% transaction tax on the first-time purchase of stakes in companies. 
The announcement follows several comments by government officials that the government will speed up the -(repeal)- of the tax, which was originally scheduled to fall with the start of the single internal market in the European Community at the end of 1992. 
The securities-turnover tax has been long criticized by the West German financial community -(because)- it tends to drive securities trading and other banking activities out of Frankfurt into rival financial centers, especially London, where trading transactions isn't taxed. 
The tax has raised less than one billion marks ($545.3 million) annually in recent years, but the government has been reluctant to -(abolish)- the levy for budgetary concerns. 
In the interview, Mr. Haussmann didn't specify the amount of revenue the government will lose after the tax disappears. 
The new date means that the tax will be officially -(repealed)- before the end of the current parliamentary term at the end of 1990 and guarantees its -(abolition)- even if the current center-right coalition loses the elections in December 1990.
--- 27 ---
The head trader of Chemical Banking Corp. 's interest-rate options group has left the company, following valuation errors that -(resulted)- in a $33 million charge against its third-quarter results. 
Chemical said Steven Edelson resigned recently, but one individual close to the situation said the resignation was forced. Mr. Edelson couldn't be reached for comment. 
A separate inquiry by Chemical cleared Mr. Edelson of allegations that he had been lavishly entertained by a New York money broker. 
That inquiry hasn't resolved similar allegations involving another Chemical options trader. 
In other personnel changes stemming from problems in its options unit: 
-- Chemical named James Kennedy, a trader in swaps contracts for the bank, to assume Mr. Edelson's duties and to be trading manager for derivative products, including swaps and interest-rate options. 
-- Lee Wakeman, vice president in charge of options research who discovered the valuation errors and was asked by senior management to straighten out the mess, resigned -(to)- take a position in asset and liability management at Continental Bank in Chicago. Mr. Wakeman, whom Chemical tried to keep, didn't return calls for comment. 
Separately, Chemical confirmed that it took an undisclosed charge in the second quarter for losses on forward-rate agreements involving foreign currency written by its branch in Frankfurt, West Germany. 
A Chemical spokeswoman said the second-quarter charge was "not material" and that no personnel changes were made as a result. 
The spokeswoman said the Frankfurt situation was "totally different" from problems in the interest-rate options unit. 
According to individuals familiar with the situation, the Frankfurt loss stemmed from a computer program for calculating prices on forward-rate agreements that failed to envision an interest-rate environment where short-term rates were equal to or higher than long-term rates.
While the incidents involving interest-rate options and forward-rate agreements are unrelated, some observers say they echo a 1987 incident in which Bankers Trust New York Corp. restated the value of its foreign exchange options contracts downward by about $80 million.
These complex products -(require)- close monitoring -(because)- each must be valued separately in light of current market conditions. 
In an interest-rate options contract, a client pays a fee to a bank for custom-tailored protection against adverse interest-rate swings for a specified period. 
In a forward-rate agreement, a client agrees to an exchange rate on a future currency transaction. 
Some competitors maintain the interestrate option loss, in particular, may have -(resulted)- more from Chemical's taking large and often contrarian positions than a valuation problem. 
Started three years ago, Chemical's interest-rate options group was a leading force in the field. 
From 1987 to 1988, the value of Chemical's option contracts outstanding mushroomed to $37 billion from $17 billion. 
More importantly, the volume of options written exceeded those purchased by almost 2-to-1. 
-(With)- such a lopsided book of options, traders say, Chemical was more vulnerable to erroneous valuation assumptions. 
The Chemical spokeswoman said the bank has examined its methodologies and internal controls. 
"We consider our internal controls to have worked well," she said, adding that some procedures have been strengthened. 
Its valuation methodologies, she said, "are recognized as some of the best on the Street. Not a lot was needed to be done." 
--- 28 ---
Farm prices in October edged up 0.7% from September -(as)- raw milk prices continued their rise, the Agriculture Department said. 
Milk sold to the nation's dairy plants and dealers averaged $14.50 for each hundred pounds, up 50 cents from September and up $1.50 from October 1988, the department said. 
Commercial vegetables, led by lettuce and tomatoes, rose 19% in October; oranges and other fruits rose 5%. 
Broiler prices fell 6.5 cents in October to 30.6 cents a pound, while turkey prices rose 1.2 cents a pound to 38.5 cents. 
Egg prices averaged 64.2 cents a dozen, down 0.2 cent from September. 
Hogs rose $3.40 to $46.80 a hundredweight in October, while beef cattle slipped 80 cents to $67.40 for each hundred pounds and calves dropped 90 cents to $90.20. 
Soybeans averaged $5.28 a bushel, down 42 cents from September; corn averaged $2.20, down seven cents, and sorghum grain averaged $3.61 for each hundred pounds, down 19 cents, according to the department. 
--- 29 ---
Sea Containers Ltd., in a long-awaited move -(to)- -(repel)- a hostile takeover bid, said it will sell $1.1 billion of assets and use some of the proceeds to buy about 50% of its common shares for $70 apiece. 
Together with the 3.6 million shares currently controlled by management, subsidiaries and directors, the completed tender offer would give Sea Containers a controlling stake. 
Describing itself as "asset rich," Sea Containers said it will move immediately -(to)- sell two ports, various ferries, ferry services, containers, and other investments. 
Of the proceeds, $500 million will be used to fund its tender offer. Sea Containers added that the recapitalization plan will -(reduce)- its debt by more than $500 million. 
The company, which has 13.8 million common shares outstanding, said in mid-June that it was considering a restructuring -(to)- ward off a hostile takeover attempt by two European shipping concerns. 
In late May, Stena Holding AG and Tiphook PLC, launched a $50-a-share, or $777 million, tender offer for the Hamilton, Bermuda-based Sea Containers. 
In mid-August, the companies, through their jointly owned holding company, Temple Holdings Ltd., sweetened the offer to $63 a share, or $963 million. 
Officials for Temple declined to comment. 
News of the restructuring plan sent Sea Containers' shares up $1 to $62 in New York Stock Exchange composite trading. 
Walter Kirchberger, an analyst with PaineWebber Inc., said that offering holders a higher, $70-a-share price is "a fairly effective method of blocking" the Stena-Tiphook bid. 
Michael Carstens, an analyst with Tucker Anthony & R.L. Day, added that the sale of assets would -(allow)- Sea Containers to focus on its core container businesses. 
For holders who decide not to tender their shares, Sea Containers will issue one share of preferred stock with a stated value of $25, plus a cash dividend on the common stock. 
The company said its directors, management and subsidiaries will remain long-term investors and won't tender any of their shares under the offer. 
Sea Containers said the offer will proceed after the Bermuda Supreme Court lifts or modifies an interim injunction -(restraining)- the company from buying its shares. 
That injunction -(resulted)- from litigation between Temple and Sea Containers last May. 
The company said the court has indicated it will make a decision on or about Nov. 27. 
Sea Containers will soon set a date for its annual shareholder meeting -(to)- seek holder approval for the offer. 
--- 30 ---
Ocean Drilling & Exploration Co. will sell its contract-drilling business, and took a $50.9 million loss from discontinued operations in the third quarter -(because)- of the planned sale. 
The New Orleans oil and gas exploration and diving operations company added that it doesn't expect any further adverse financial impact from the restructuring. 
In the third quarter, the company, which is 61%-owned by Murphy Oil Corp. of Arkansas, had a net loss of $46.9 million, or 91 cents a share, compared with a restated loss of $9 million, or 18 cents a share, a year ago. 
The latest period had profit from continuing operations of $4 million. 
Revenue gained 13% to $77.3 million from $68.5 million. 
Ocean Drilling said it will offer 15% to 20% of the contract-drilling business through an initial public offering in the near future. 
It has long been rumored that Ocean Drilling would sell the unit -(to)- concentrate on its core oil and gas business. 
Ocean Drilling said it won't hold any shares of the new company after the restructuring. 
--- 121 ---
Three new issues begin trading on the New York Stock Exchange today, and one began trading on the Nasdaq/National Market System last week. 
On the Big Board, Crawford & Co., Atlanta, (CFD) begins trading today. 
Crawford evaluates health care plans, manages medical and disability aspects of worker's compensation injuries and is -(involved)- in claims adjustments for insurance companies. 
Also beginning trading today on the Big Board are El Paso Refinery Limited Partnership, El Paso, Texas, (ELP) and Franklin Multi-Income Trust, San Mateo, Calif., (FMI). 
El Paso owns and operates a petroleum refinery. 
Franklin is a closed-end management investment company. 
On the Nasdaq over-the-counter system, Allied Capital Corp., Washington, D.C., (ALII) began trading last Thursday. 
Allied Capital is a closed-end management investment company that will operate as a business development concern. 
--- 122 ---
As competition heats up in Spain's crowded bank market, Banco Exterior de Espana is seeking to shed its image of a state-owned bank and move into new activities. 
Under the direction of its new chairman, Francisco Luzon, Spain's seventh largest bank is undergoing a tough restructuring that analysts say may be the first step toward the bank's privatization. 
The state-owned industrial holding company Instituto Nacional de Industria and the Bank of Spain jointly hold a 13.94% stake in Banco Exterior. 
The government directly owns 51.4% and Factorex, a financial services company, holds 8.42%. 
The rest is listed on Spanish stock exchanges. 
Some analysts are concerned, however, -(that)- Banco Exterior may have waited too long to diversify from its traditional export-related activities. 
Catching up with commercial competitors in retail banking and financial services, they argue, will be difficult, particularly -(if)- market conditions turn sour. 
-(If)- that proves true, analysts say Banco Exterior could be a prime partner -- or even a takeover target -- for either a Spanish or foreign bank seeking to increase its market share after 1992, when the European Community plans to dismantle financial barriers. 
-(With)- 700 branches in Spain and 12 banking subsidiaries, five branches and 12 representative offices abroad, the Banco Exterior group has a lot to offer a potential suitor. 
Mr. Luzon and his team, however, say they aren't interested in a merger. 
Instead, they are working -(to)- transform Banco Exterior into an efficient bank by the end of 1992. 
"I want this to be a model of the way a public-owned company should be run," Mr. Luzon says. 
Banco Exterior was created in 1929 -(to)- -(provide)- subsidized credits for Spanish exports. 
The market for export financing was liberalized in the mid-1980s, however, -(forcing)- the bank to face competition. 
At the same time, many of Spain's traditional export markets in Latin America and other developing areas faced a sharp decline in economic growth. 
As a -(result)-, the volume of Banco Exterior's export credit portfolio plunged from 824 billion pesatas ($7.04 billion) as of Dec. 31, 1986, to its current 522 billion pesetas. 
The other two main pillars of Banco Exterior's traditional business -- wholesale banking and foreign currency trading -- also began to crumble under the weight of heavy competition and changing client needs. 
The bank was hamstrung in its efforts to face the challenges of a changing market by its links to the government, analysts say. 
Until Mr. Luzon took the helm last November, Banco Exterior was run by politicians who lacked either the skills or the will to introduce innovative changes. 
But Mr. Luzon has moved swiftly to streamline bureaucracy, cut costs, increase capital and build up new areas of business. 
"We've got a lot to do," he acknowledged. "We've got to move quickly." 
In Mr. Luzon's first year, the bank eliminated 800 jobs. 
Now it says it'll trim another 1,200 jobs over the next three to four years. 
The bank employs 8,000 people in Spain and 2,000 abroad. 
-(To)- strengthen its capital base, Banco Exterior this year issued $105 million in subordinated debt, launched two rights issues and sold stock held in its treasury to small investors. 
The bank is now aggressively marketing retail services at its domestic branches. 
Last year's drop in export credit was partially offset by a 15% surge in lending to individuals and small and medium-sized companies.
Though Spain has an excess of banks, analysts say the country still has one of the most profitable markets in Europe, which will -(aid)- Banco Exterior with the tough tasks it faces ahead. 
Expansion plans also include acquisitions in growing foreign markets. 
The bank says it's interested in purchasing banks in Morocco, Portugal and Puerto Rico. 
But the bank's retail activities in Latin America are likely to be cut back. 
Banco Exterior was one of the last banks to create a brokerage house before the four Spanish stock exchanges underwent sweeping changes in July. 
The late start may be a handicap for the bank as Spain continues to open up its market to foreign competition. 
But Mr. Luzon contends that the experienced team he brought with him from Banco Bilbao Vizcaya, where he was formerly director general, will whip the bank's capital market division into shape by the end of 1992. 
The bank also says it'll use its international network -(to)- channel investment from London, Frankfurt, Zurich and Paris into the Spanish stock exchanges. 
--- 123 ---
Nicaraguan President Daniel Ortega may have accomplished over the weekend what his U.S. antagonists have failed to do: revive a constituency for the Contra rebels. 
Lawmakers haven't publicly raised the possibility of renewing military aid to the Contras, and President Bush parried the question at a news conference here Saturday, saying only that "if there's an all-out military offensive, that's going to change the equation 180 degrees." 
But Mr. Ortega's threat over the weekend to end a 19-month cease-fire with the rebels seeking to topple him, effectively -(elevated)- the Contras as a policy priority just as they were slipping from the agendas of their most ardent supporters. 
Senate Majority Leader George Mitchell (D., Maine) said yesterday on NBC-TV's "Meet the Press" that Mr. Ortega's threat was "a very unwise move, particularly the timing of it." 
The threat came during a two-day celebration in Costa Rica to highlight Central America's progress toward democracy in the region, attended by President Bush, Canadian Prime Minister Brian Mulroney and 14 other Western Hemisphere leaders. 
Mr. Bush returned to Washington Saturday night. Mr. Ortega announced on Friday that he would end the cease-fire this week in -(response)- to the periodic Contra assaults against his army. 
Saturday, he amended his remarks to say that he would continue to abide by the cease-fire if the U.S. ends its financial support for the Contras. 
He asked that the remaining U.S. humanitarian aid be diverted to disarming and demobilizing the rebels. 
Not only did Mr. Ortega's comments come in the midst of what was intended as a showcase for the region, it came as Nicaragua is under special international scrutiny in anticipation of its planned February elections. 
Outside observers are gathering in Nicaragua -(to)- monitor the registration and treatment of opposition candidates. 
And important U.S. lawmakers must decide at the end of November if the Contras are to receive the rest of the $49 million in so-called humanitarian assistance under a bipartisan agreement reached with the Bush administration in March. 
The humanitarian assistance, which pays for supplies such as food and clothing for the rebels amassed along the Nicaraguan border with Honduras, replaced the military aid cut off by Congress in February 1988. 
While few lawmakers anticipated that the humanitarian aid would be cut off next month, Mr. Ortega's threat practically guarantees that the humanitarian aid will be continued. 
Senate Minority Leader Robert Dole (R., Kan.) said yesterday on "Meet the Press": "I would hope -(after)- his {Mr. Ortega's} act yesterday or the day before, we'd have unanimous support for quick action on remaining humanitarian aid." 
Sen. Dole also said he hoped for unanimous support for a resolution he plans to offer tomorrow denouncing the Nicaraguan leader. 
While renewing military aid had been considered out of the question, rejected by Congress and de-emphasized by the Bush administration, Mr. Ortega's statement provides Contra supporters with the opportunity to press the administration on the issue. 
"The administration should now state that if the {February} election is voided by the Sandinistas . . . they should call for military aid," said former Assistant Secretary of State Elliott Abrams. 
"In these circumstances, I think they'd win." 
Sen. Mitchell said that congressional Democrats intend to honor the March agreement -(to)- -(give)- non-lethal support to the Contras through the February elections, although he added that the agreement requires that the Contras not initiate any military action. 
Mr. Ortega's threat to breach the cease-fire comes as U.S. officials were acknowledging that the Contras have at times violated it themselves. 
Secretary of State James Baker, who accompanied President Bush to Costa Rica, told reporters Friday: "I have no -(reason)- to deny reports that some Contras ambushed some Sandinista soldiers." 
Mr. Baker's assistant for inter-American affairs, Bernard Aronson, while maintaining that the Sandinistas had also broken the cease-fire, acknowledged: "It's never very clear who starts what." 
He added that the U.S. has cut off aid to some rebel units when it was determined that those units broke the cease-fire. 
In addition to undermining arguments in favor of ending Contra aid, Mr. Ortega's remarks also played to the suspicions of some U.S. officials and conservatives outside the government that he is searching for ways -(to)- manipulate or void the February elections.
Administration officials traveling with President Bush in Costa Rica interpreted Mr. Ortega's wavering as a sign that he isn't responding to the military attacks so much as he is searching for ways to strengthen his hand prior to the elections. 
Mr. Abrams said that Mr. Ortega is seeking to demobilize the Contras prior to the elections -(to)- -(remove)- any pressure -(to)- hold fair elections. 
"My sense is what they have in mind is an excuse for clamping down on campaigning" -(by)- -(creating)- an atmosphere of a military emergency, he said. 
--- 124 ---
Shoney's Inc. said it will report a write-off of $2.5 million, or seven cents a share, for its fourth quarter ended yesterday. 
The restaurant operator cited transaction costs from its 1988 recapitalization as a -(result)- of a $160 million restructuring of its bank debt. 
The write-off will be reported as an extraordinary item in the company's 1989 operating results. 
In addition, the effective interest rate on the $410 million of total remaining bank debt after the restructuring is 10.66%. 
The combined effect of these changes is expected to save the company about $4 million in interest expenses next year, or six cents a share. 
Shoney's said the latest restructuring affected bank indebtedness that was incurred to finance $585 million of the company's $728 million recapitalization that took place in 1988. 
The company has made payments of $175 million against the original $585 million of bank debt incurred in connection with the recapitalization. 
These payments consisted of $54 million in scheduled payments and $121 million in prepayments, funded by $82.8 million from operating cash flow, zero-coupon subordinated debt and assets sales. 
--- 125 ---
The Nasdaq over-the-counter market didn't fully recover from a selling stampede, and closed down 1.2%. 
The effects on the market of the mostly computer-driven sell-off among exchange-listed stocks irked many market makers, who watched the Nasdaq Composite Index tumble in sympathy with the Dow Jones Industrial Average, and then saw it get left behind in the subsequent rally.
After plummeting 1.8% at one point during the day, the composite rebounded a little, but finished down 5.52, at 461.70. 
In contrast, the industrial average recovered almost completely from its skid and closed down 0.1%. 
The New York Stock Exchange Composite was 0.4% lower for the day. 
As usual, the over-the-counter market's biggest technology stocks were hardest hit. 
Microsoft, battered by profit taking in recent sessions, sank as much as 4; but it finished at 80 7/8, down 2 1/4 on volume of one million shares. 
MCI Communications, the most active issue, finished down 5/8 to 42 1/8. 
MCI traded as low as 41 3/8 during the session. 
Other active stocks included Jaguar, whose American depositary receipts added 1/8 to 11 1/4. 
Apple Computer improved 7/8 to 47 5/8; 
Intel slipped 1/4 to 33 1/4, and Valley National Corp. was up 1/8 to 15 1/8. 
"The market started with several strikes against it," said Peter DaPuzzo, head of retail equity trading at Shearson Lehman Hutton, referring to news that the labor-management buy-out of UAL Corp. continued to unravel, and reports that the junk-bond market is disintegrating. 
But the computer-guided selling in -(response)- to those developments dealt a serious blow to the over-the-counter market, Mr. DaPuzzo said.
Even though the over-the-counter market usually doesn't fall by as much as listed stocks during program-selling blitzes, he said, "when the market does recover, the damage is done and it leaves Nasdaq down more than the Big Board."
Mr. DaPuzzo also complained that the sharp swings in stock prices lately is scaring away retail and foreign investors. 
While Shearson doesn't do computer-guided program trading for its own account, the firm does execute orders for clients involved in the buying and selling of shares tied to movements in certain stock indexes, Mr. DaPuzzo acknowledged. 
The volatility inherent in program trading troubled other traders, too. 
They don't like the risks they are -(forced)- to assume -(when)- prices swing so drastically. 
Market makers are supposed to keep supplies of stocks on hand -(to)- maintain orderly trading when imbalances occur. 
That means that on days -(when)- prices are tumbling and sellers abound they must be willing to buy shares from sellers when no one else will. 
In such an environment, a market maker can absorb huge losses. 
But the recent volatility in stock prices -(caused)- by the program trading has made some market makers less willing to soak up the stocks that are for sale. 
The market makers say they aren't comfortable carrying big positions in stocks -(because)- they realize prices can tumble quickly. 
The situation makes it harder to buy and sell shares quickly, exacerbating the rise and fall in stock prices during program-dominated trading. 
Groused Robert Antolini, head of over-the-counter trading at Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette: "It's making it tough for traders to make money." 
He said that -(when)- sell programs kick in, many traders believe that "there's no sense in sticking your nose out -(because)- you're an instant loser."
Kinder-Care Learning Centers added 1/4 to 4 7/8 on 461,200 shares. 
Lodestar Group said it will make a $6-a-share offer for the remaining Kinder-Care Learning Center common stock if it acquires a majority of the company's shares in a pending rights offering by Kinder-Care Learning Center's parent, Kinder-Care Inc. 
Shares of KinderCare Inc. closed at 3 1/2, also up 1/4, on volume of 700,000. 
Ohio Casualty dropped 2 1/8 to 49 1/2. 
The company posted third-quarter earnings of 95 cents a share, down from $1.26 a year earlier. 
The company estimated that losses from Hurricane Hugo reduced net income by 32 cents a share in the most recent quarter. 
The company said losses from the Oct. 17 earthquake in California haven't yet been determined, but that it provides earthquake coverage to about 1,400 properties in the stricken area. 
Any quake-related losses will be reported in the fourth quarter, the company said. 
North Atlantic Industries jumped 1 to 5 3/4. 
The electronics-instruments maker is to be acquired by Asset Management Associates for $7.25 a share. 
LIN Broadcasting slid 1 3/8 to 108 3/4, despite reporting third-quarter net of 46 cents a share, up from 39 cents the previous year. 
The company said the latest quarter included about $3.4 million in special legal and financial advisory costs related to McCaw Cellular Communications' bid for the company and LIN's merger pact with BellSouth. 
McCaw was unchanged at 40. XL/Datacomp slid 2 1/4 to 16 1/2 amid continuing concerns about the company's contract negotiations with International Business Machines. 
IBM is reviewing its entire business-partners program, and XL/Datacomp confirmed earlier this month that it was in talks with the company about possible modifications to its current IBM-remarketer contract. 
Remarketers make modifications to IBM's computer hardware and resell the products. 
Omni Capital Group surged 1 3/4 to 16 1/4. 
The company said net rose to 38 cents a share in its fiscal-first quarter ended Sept. 30, from 35 cents a shares a year ago. 
--- 126 ---
Mobil Corp. is preparing to slash the size of its work force in the U.S., possibly as soon as next month, say individuals familiar with the company's strategy. 
The size of the cuts isn't known, but they'll be centered in the exploration and production division, which is responsible for locating oil reserves, drilling wells and pumping crude oil and natural gas. 
Employees haven't yet been notified. 
Sources said that meetings to discuss the staff reductions have been scheduled for Friday at Mobil offices in New Orleans and Denver.
This would be a second round of cuts by Mobil, which along with other oil producers and refiners reduced its work force by 15% to 20% during the mid-1980s as part of an industrywide shakeout. 
Mobil's latest move could -(signal)- the beginning of further reductions by other oil companies in their domestic oil-producing operations. 
In yesterday's third-quarter earnings report, the company alluded to a $40 million provision for restructuring costs involving U.S. exploration and production operations. 
The report says that "the restructuring will take place over a two-year period and will principally involve the transfer and termination of employees in our U.S. operations." 
A company spokesman, reached at his home last night, would only say that there will be a public announcement of the reduction program by the end of the week. 
Most oil companies, including Mobil, have been reporting lower third-quarter earnings, largely as a -(result)- of lower earnings from chemicals as well as refining and marketing businesses. 
Individuals familiar with Mobil's strategy say that Mobil is reducing its U.S. work force -(because)- of declining U.S. output. Yesterday, Mobil said domestic exploration and production operations had a $16 million loss in the third quarter, while comparable foreign operations earned $234 million. 
Industrywide, oil production in this country fell by 500,000 barrels a day to 7.7 million barrels in the first eight months of this year.
Daily output is expected to decline by at least another 500,000 barrels next year. 
Some Mobil executives were dismayed that a reference to the cutbacks was included in the earnings report before workers were notified.
One Mobil executive said that the $40 million charge related to the action indicates "a substantial" number of people will be involved.
Some will likely be offered severance packages while others will be transferred to overseas operations. 
--- 127 ---
Homestake Mining Co., San Francisco, -(blamed)- the continued slump in gold prices for an 83% plunge in third-quarter net income to $2 million, or two cents a share, from $11.2 million, or 12 cents a share, a year earlier. 
Revenue rose 5% to $110.4 million from $105.4 million. 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading, Homestake closed at $15.25, down 25 cents. 
"A significant increase in gold sales to 248,279 ounces for the quarter from 188,726 in the third quarter of 1988 was more than offset by the continued decline in average gold price realization to $367 from $429 per ounce," the company said. 
For the nine months, the mining company posted a 40% drop in profit to $30.1 million, or 31 cents a share, from $50.6 million, or 52 cents a share, on a 6% rise in revenue to $323.2 million from $305.7 million. 
--- 128 ---
Tandy Corp. said it won't join U.S. Memories, the group that seeks to battle the Japanese in the market for computer memory chips.
Tandy's decision is a second setback for U.S. Memories. 
Last month, Apple Computer Inc. said that it wouldn't invest in the group. 
Apple said that its money would be better spent in areas such as research and development. 
U.S. Memories is seeking major investors to back its attempt to crack the $10 billion market for dynamic random access memory chips, a market dominated by the Japanese. 
Those chips were in dire shortage last year, hurting many U.S. computer companies that couldn't get sufficient Japanese-supplied chips.
Tandy said its experience during the shortage didn't merit the $5 million to $50 million investment U.S. Memories is seeking from each investor. 
"At this time, we elected not to get involved -(because)- we have been able to satisfy our need {for DRAMs} from the market as a rule," said Ed Juge, Tandy's director of market planning. 
Sanford Kane, U.S. Memories president, said the decision was "disappointing," but doesn't presage U.S. Memories' failure. 
"I would like to have had them," he said. 
But "they weren't on my list of companies who were critical to be a part of it." 
Mr. Kane became president and chief executive officer of U.S. Memories last June, when the group was formed by seven electronics companies: Advanced Micro Devices Inc., Digital Equipment Corp.; Hewlett-Packard Co.; Intel Corp.; International Business Machines Corp.; LSI Logic Corp. and National Semiconductor Corp. 
Mr. Kane said he expects two or three major corporations to announce their participation in U.S. Memories soon after the group finishes a business plan, probably late this week. 
U.S. Memories needs a catalyst, he said, -(to)- inspire others to join. 
But so far, most potential participants haven't decided. 
Sun Microsystems Inc. said it's still actively evaluating U.S. Memories and plans to meet with U.S. Memories representatives later this week. 
American Telephone & Telegraph Co. said it was waiting to see U.S. Memories' business plan. 
Personal-computer maker AST Research Inc. said it is still studying the situation. 
A Compaq Computer Corp. spokeswoman said that the company hasn't made a decision yet, although "it isn't under active consideration." 
--- 129 ---
In a startling turnabout, Members of the Senate Intelligence Committee are complaining that someone in the executive branch is leaking on them. 
David Boren, the Intelligence Committee chairman, is upset that someone leaked a letter to the committee from the Reagan administration suggesting that the U.S. would undertake to warn Panamanian thug Manuel Noriega if it got wind of an impending coup that might -(result)- in his assassination. 
With due respect to "highly classified correspondence" and other buzzwords, the leakers are performing a public service. 
If the CIA has become a protection service for Mr. Noriega, the American people ought to know. 
What went wrong in Panama is a fitting subject for public and congressional inquiry. 
Naturally, Senator Boren and his committee would like free rein to blame the executive branch while stamping "top secret" on their own complicity. 
But there's no danger of exposing sources and methods in disclosing the debate running up and down Pennsylvania Avenue. 
And if Congress is going to assume authority to micromanage foreign policy, it's going to have to take some of the responsibility too.
The President of the United States urged the Panamanian armed forces to move against Mr. Noriega. 
When they did, his commanders didn't have the initiative to do more than block a couple of roads. 
The executive branch bears the first responsibility for timidity. 
But what kind of initiative can you expect given the climate set by Congress? 
For example, what exactly did the CIA tell Major Giroldi and his fellow coup plotters about U.S. laws and executive orders on assassinations? 
What part did U.S. warnings play in the major's unwillingness to pull the trigger -(when)- he had General Noriega in custody, but was under attack by pro-Noriega troops? 
Mr. Noriega didn't suffer from any hesitation once he had the pistol. 
Maybe we need a CIA version of the Miranda warning: You have the right to conceal your coup intentions, -(because)- we may rat on you. 
Or maybe a Surgeon General's warning: Confiding in the United States may be fatal. 
CIA chief William Webster, hardly a Washington malcontent, got the debate started last week by noting that the executive order banning assassinations had contributed to U.S. paralysis during the coup. 
The CIA's Deputy Director of Operations, Richard Stoltz, tried to smooth things over a few days later, but instead simply underlined Mr. Webster's point. 
"The interpretation" of the executive order, Mr. Stoltz said, "and the way in which the various committees have over time interpreted it, has -(led)- in my view to a proper caution on the part of operators, including me." 
In other words, Congress won't let the CIA do much of anything anymore, and that's fine with the CIA. 
The pay's the same, and the duty's lighter. 
And of course, doing anything that might be second-guessed by Congress carries heavy penalties. 
Witness the Walsh prosecution of Ollie North. 
The Intelligence Committee's ranking Republican, Senator William Cohen, joined with Senator George Mitchell -(to)- write a best seller about Iran-Contra, deploring "Men of Zeal." 
No doubt many people in the CIA, the Pentagon and the National Security Council have read it. 
What kind of initiative should anyone expect from people out on the line who've read all this and know what can happen if they fail? 
Who wants to end up as the protagonist in a Bill Cohen morality play? 
The order against assassinations is another artifact of the same congressional mind-set, a product of the 1970s Vietnam syndrome against any executive action. 
President Bush would do himself and the country a favor -(by)- -(rescinding)- the order as an ambiguous intrusion on his ability to defend America's national security. 
There are of course good reasons the U.S. shouldn't get into the assassination business, but -(rescinding)- the executive order is not the same thing as saying the U.S. should start passing out exploding cigars. 
The world being the nasty place it is, we want Presidents to have the freedom to order operations in which someone might get killed. 
In such situations, you cannot write rules in advance, you can only make sure the President takes the responsibility. 
The executive order and the reported agreements with the Intelligence Committee are neither sensible nor moral. 
As it now stands, the U.S. can bomb Tripoli, but can't "assassinate" Colonel Gadhafi. 
It can send a fighter squadron -(to)- strafe terrorist hideouts in the Bekaa Valley, but can't shoot Abu Nidal. 
Both the assassination order and the quality of debate in Washington are telling the world that the only way the U.S. will kill a madman is by making sure we take some innocent civilians with him. 
--- 130 ---
Dana Corp. said its third-quarter net income fell 27% to $29.6 million, or 72 cents a share, from $40.7 million, or $1 a share, a year earlier. 
Sales dropped 4% to $1.12 billion from $1.17 billion. 
The company, which supplies transmissions and other drive-train parts to auto makers, said about half the earnings drop came from the "virtual collapse" of the Venezuelan auto industry. 
The Venezuelan currency plummeted this year, -(making)- it difficult for auto makers there to afford imported parts. 
Dana also said it was hurt by slumping U.S. truck sales and -(by)- a strike at a parts supplier. 
The company, based in Toledo, Ohio, had said it expected reduced third-quarter profit. 
Mary Anne Sudol, an analyst at Fitch Investors in New York, said automotive suppliers were reporting lower profit almost "across the board." 
Southwood J. Morcott, Dana's president, said the company's decision to approve its normal fourth-quarter dividend indicated its underlying strength. 
--- 131 ---
Cummins Engine Co., Columbus, Ind., hurt by a drop in engine orders from heavy-truck makers, reported a third-quarter loss of $39.7 million, or $4.12 a share, on essentially flat sales of $807.6 million. 
In the year-earlier period, the maker of diesel engines and parts had a narrower deficit of $17.6 million, or $1.84 a share, with sales of $808.3 million. 
A spokeswoman said shipments of truck engines, which provide a higher margin than most of the company's other products, declined 16% from a year earlier. 
Although Cummins's stock stumbled last month after the company projected a "substantial" third-period loss, the stock also fell $1.125 in composite New York Stock Exchange trading yesterday, to $51.75. 
It traded as high as $64 a month ago, before the loss projection. 
For the nine months, the latest loss trimmed net income to $3.6 million, which after payment of preferred dividends represented a 31-cent loss a common share.
The year-before loss was $8.4 million, or $1.36 a common share. 
--- 132 ---
The Justice Department has revised certain internal guidelines and clarified others in a move that could restrict the use of criminal racketeering charges against white-collar defendants. 
The most significant changes in department policy are new requirements that federal prosecutors avoid disrupting "the normal business functions" of companies charged under the racketeering law, a senior department official said. 
Another important revision of department policy is a new guideline warning prosecutors "not to take steps that would harm innocent third parties" in a case brought under the racketeering law, the official, David Runkel, said. 
The department distributed the revisions and clarifications to U.S. attorneys around the country this summer as part of a routine process of updating prosecutorial guidelines, Mr. Runkel said. 
The changes apply to prosecutions brought under the Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations law. 
Under that law, defendants who allegedly commit a pattern of crimes by means of a "criminal enterprise" may be charged with racketeering and forced to forfeit the proceeds of the enterprise. 
The RICO law has come under criticism from some defendants and defense lawyers. 
They argue that the rights of RICO defendants and third parties not named in RICO indictments have been unfairly damaged. 
The department's most significant clarification of existing RICO policy is a directive to prosecutors that they should seek to seize assets from defendants "in proportion" to the nature of the alleged offense, Mr. Runkel said. 
"That means that if the offense deals with one part of the business, you don't attempt to seize the whole business; you attempt to seize assets related to the crime," he explained. 
In general, the thrust of the department's directive is to encourage prosecutors to limit pretrial asset seizures if there are less intrusive means of protecting assets the government may subsequently be able to seize after a conviction, Mr. Runkel said. 
--- 133 ---
Program trading on the New York Stock Exchange in September rose to its highest recorded level as a percentage of total monthly trading volume. 
September program trading amounted to 13.8% of average daily New York Stock Exchange volume of 151.8 million shares, the largest percentage since the exchange began making such figures public in July 1988. 
A daily average of 20.9 million shares traded in program strategies in September, the second-highest level ever. 
The highest level was in June 1989, -(when)- a daily average of 22.1 million shares traded in program strategies. 
Average daily trading volume in June of 180.3 million shares was considerably higher than in September. 
Program trading amounted to 12.3% of average daily volume in June. 
The Big Board says program trading describes a variety of strategies involving the purchase or sale of a basket of 15 or more stocks. 
The most controversial of these is stock-index arbitrage, in which traders buy or sell baskets of stocks and offset the position with an opposite trade in stock-index futures -(to)- lock in profits. 
It's the most controversial form of program trading -(because)- it can create abrupt price swings in the stock market. 
Salomon Brothers Inc. was the top program trader in September, but most of the firm's activity involved portfolio trading strategies other than stock-index arbitrage. 
Overall, Salomon reported program trading volume of 75.2 million shares. 
The top stock-index arbitrage firm last month was Morgan Stanley & Co. Of Morgan Stanley's 66.8 million shares in program trades for the month, 53.1 million were in stock-index arbitrage trades. 
Behind second-place Morgan Stanley were Kidder, Peabody & Co., Goldman, Sachs & Co. and CS First Boston Inc. 's First Boston Corp. unit. 
--- 134 ---
Call it the "we're too broke to fight" defense. 
Lawyers for dozens of insolvent savings and loan associations are trying a new tack in their efforts -(to)- defuse suits filed by borrowers, developers and creditors. 
The thrifts' lawyers claim that the suits, numbering 700 to 1,000 in Texas alone, should be dismissed as moot -(because)- neither the S&Ls nor the extinct Federal Savings and Loan Insurance Corp. has the money to pay judgments. 
Though the argument may have a common-sense ring to it, even the S&L lawyers concede there's little precedent to back their position.
Still, one federal appeals court has signaled it's willing to entertain the notion, and the lawyers have renewed their arguments in Texas and eight other states where the defense is permitted under state law. 
The dismissal of the pending suits could go a long way toward clearing court dockets in Texas and reducing the FSLIC's massive legal bills, which topped $73 million last year. 
The S&L lawyers were encouraged last month by an appellate-court ruling in two cases brought against defunct Sunbelt Savings & Loan Association of Dallas by the developers of the Valley Ranch, best known as the training center for the Dallas Cowboys football team.
Sunbelt foreclosed on the ranch. 
Sunbelt and the FSLIC argued to the Fifth U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals "that there will never be any assets with which to satisfy a judgment against Sunbelt Savings nor any means to collect from any other party, including FSLIC." 
"-(If)- true," the court wrote, "this contention would justify dismissal of these actions on prudential grounds." 
But the court said it lacked enough financial information about Sunbelt and the FSLIC and sent the cases back to federal district court in Dallas. 
Charles Haworth, a lawyer for Sunbelt, says he plans to file a brief this week urging the district judge to dismiss the suits, -(because)- Sunbelt's liabilities exceeded its assets by about $2 billion -(when)- federal regulators closed it in August 1988. 
"This institution is just brain dead," says Mr. Haworth, a partner in the Dallas office of Andrews & Kurth, a Houston law firm. 
But a lawyer for Triland Investment Group, the developer of Valley Ranch, dismisses such arguments as a "defense du jour." 
Attorney Richard Jackson of Dallas says a judgment for Triland could be satisfied in ways other than a monetary award, including the reversal of Sunbelt's foreclosure on Valley Ranch. 
"We're asking the court for a number of things he can grant in addition to the thrill of victory," he says. "We'd take the Valley Ranch free and clear as a booby prize." 
--- 135 ---
Small investors matched their big institutional brethren in anxiety over the weekend, but most seemed to be taking a philosophical approach and said they were resigned to riding out the latest storm in the stock market. 
"I'm not losing faith in the market," said Boston lawyer Christopher Sullivan as he watched the market plunge on a big screen in front of a brokerage firm. 
But he's not so sure about everyone else. 
"I think on Monday the small (investors) are going to panic and sell," predicted Mr. Sullivan, whose investments include AMR Corp. 's American Airlines unit and several mutual funds. 
"And I think institutions are going to come in and buy . . . I'm going to hold on. If I sell now, I'll take a big loss." 
Some evinced an optimism that had been rewarded -(when)- they didn't flee the market in 1987. 
"Oh, I bet it'll be up 50 points on Monday," said Lucy Crump, a 78-year-old retired housewife in Lexington, Ky. Mrs. Crump said her Ashwood Investment Club's portfolio lost about one-third of its value following the Black Monday crash, "but no one got discouraged, and we gained that back -- and more." 
At the annual congress of the National Association of Investors Corp. at the Hyatt Regency hotel in Minneapolis, the scene was calm. 
Some 500 investors representing investor clubs from around the U.S. were attending when the market started to slide Friday. 
But Robert Showalter, an official of the association, said no special bulletins or emergency meetings of the investors' clubs are planned. 
In fact, some of the association's members -- long-term, buy-and-hold investors -- welcomed the drop in prices. 
"We hope to take advantage of it," said John Snyder, a member of a Los Angeles investors' club. 
He has four stocks in mind to buy -(if)- the prices drop to the level he wants. 
Not everyone is reacting so calmly, however, and many wonder about the long-term -(implications)- of what is widely viewed as the cause of Friday's slide, reluctance by banks to provide financing for a buy-out of UAL Corp., parent of United Airlines. 
Marc Perkins, a Tampa, Fla., investment banker, said the market drop is one of "a tremendous number of signs that the leveraged take-out era is ending. 
There's no question that there's a general distaste for leverage among lenders." Mr. Perkins believes, however, that the market could be stabilized -(if)- California investor Marvin Davis steps back in to the United bidding with an offer of $275 a share. 
Sara Albert, a 34-year-old Dallas law student, says she's generally skittish about the stock market and the takeover activity that seems to fuel it. 
"I have this feeling that it's built on sand," she says, that the market rises "but there's no foundation to it." 
She and her husband pulled most of their investments out of the market after the 1987 crash, although she still owns some Texaco stock. 
Partly -(because)- of concern about the economy and partly -(because)- she recently quit her job as a legal assistant -(to)- go to school, "I think at this point we want to be a lot more liquid." 
Others wonder how many more of these shocks the small investor can stand. 
"We all assumed October '87 was a one-time shot," said San Francisco attorney David Greenberg. 
"We told the little guy it could only happen once in a lifetime, come on back. Now it's happening again." 
Mr. Greenberg got out just before the 1987 crash and, to his regret, never went back even as the market soared. 
This time he's ready to buy in "when the panic wears off." 
Still, he adds: "We can't have this kind of thing happen very often. 
-(When)- the little guy gets frightened, the big guys hurt badly. 
Merrill Lynch can't survive without the little guy." 
Small investors have tiptoed back into the market following Black Monday, but mostly through mutual funds. 
Discount brokerage customers "have been in the market somewhat but not whole hog like they were two years ago," says Leslie Quick Jr., chairman of the Quick & Reilly discount brokerage firm. 
Hugo Quackenbush, senior vice president at Charles Scwhab Corp., says Schwab customers "have been neutral to cautious recently about stocks." 
Individual investors are still angry about program trading, Mr. Quackenbush says. 
Avner Arbel, a Cornell University finance professor, says government regulators will have to more closely control program trading -(to)- "win back the confidence of the small investor." 
But it's not only the stock market that has some small investors worried. 
Alan Helfman, general sales manager of a Chrysler dealership in Houston, said he and his mother have some joint stock investments, but the overall economy is his chief worry. 
"These high rollers took a big bath today," he said in his showroom, which is within a few miles of the multi-million dollar homes of some of Houston's richest citizens. 
"And I can tell you that a high roller isn't going to come in tomorrow and buy a Chrysler TC by Maserati." 
And, finally, there were the gloaters. 
"I got out in 1987. Everything," said Pascal Antori, an Akron, Ohio, plumbing contractor who was visiting Chicago and stopped by Fidelity Investments' LaSalle Street office. 
"I just stopped by -(to)- see how much I would have lost." 
Would Mr. Antori ever get back in? "Are you kidding! When it comes to money: Once bitten, 2,000 times shy." 
