Index: 1
PARA1: <b>Shooting</b> is the act of attempting to score points by throwing the ball through the basket.
PARA1: The player faces the basket with feet about shoulder-width apart, knees slightly bent, and back straight. The
player allows the ball to rest on the fingertips of the dominant hand (the shooting arm) slightly above the head, with
the other hand supporting the side of the ball. To aim the ball, the player's elbow should be aligned vertically, with the
forearm facing in the direction of the basket. The ball is shot by extending the bended knees and straightening the
shooting arm; the ball rolls off the finger tips while the wrist completes a full downward flex motion. The shooting
arm, fully extended with the wrist fully bent, and the fingers pointing downward, is held stationary for a moment
following the release of the ball, this is known as a follow-through, which when properly done, enhances the accuracy
of the shot. Generally, the non-shooting arm is used only to guide the shot, not to power it.



Index: 2
PARA1: After receiving his initial two cards, the player has four <b>standard options</b>: he can 'hit,' 'stand,' 'double
down,' or 'split a pair.' Each option requires the use of a hand signal. At some casinos or tables, the player may have a
fifth option called 'surrender.'
PARA1: After receiving his first two cards and before any more are dealt to him, a player has the option to 'double
down.' This means the player is allowed to double his initial bet in exchange for receiving only one more card from the
dealer. The hand played consists of his original two cards plus one more from the dealer. To do this he moves a second
bet equal to the first into the betting box next to his original bet. (If desired and allowed by casino rules, the player is
usually allowed to 'double down for less,' placing an amount less than the original bet next to it in the betting box,
although this is generally not a good idea as the player should only double in favorable situations but should then
increase the bet as much as possible. Conversely, a player cannot 'double down for more' than the value of the original
bet.)



Index: 3
PARA1: <b>Advancing the ball</b> in American football resembles the six-tackle rule and the play-the-ball in rugby
league. The team that takes possession of the ball (the offense) has four attempts, called downs, in which to advance
the ball at least 10 yards (9.1 m) toward their opponent's (the defense's) end zone. When the offense succeeds in
gaining at least 10 yards, it gets a first down, meaning the team has another set of four downs to gain yet another 10
yards or to score. If the offense fails to gain a first down (10 yards) after 4 downs, the other team gets possession of
the ball at the point where the fourth down ended, beginning with their first down to advance the ball in the opposite
direction.
PARA1: Players can advance the ball in two ways: 1. By running with the ball, also known as rushing. 2. By throwing
the ball to a teammate, known as a pass or as passing the football. If the pass is thrown down-field, it is known as a
forward pass. The forward pass is a key factor distinguishing American and Canadian football from other football
sports. The offense can throw the ball forward only once during a down and only from behind the line of scrimmage.
However, the ball can be handed-off to another player or thrown, pitched, or tossed sideways or backwards (a lateral
pass) at any time.


Index: 4
PARA1: Players in a <b>poker game</b> act in turn, in clockwise rotation (acting out of turn can negatively affect
other players). When it is a player's turn to act, the first verbal declaration or action he takes binds him to his choice of
action; this rule prevents a player from changing his action after seeing how other players react to his initial action.
Until the first bet is made each player in turn may 'check,' which is to not place a bet, or 'open,' which is to make the
first bet. After the first bet each player may 'fold,' which is to drop out of the hand losing any bets they have already
made; 'call,' which is to match the highest bet so far made; or 'raise,' which is to increase the previous high bet.
PARA1: The act of making the first voluntary bet in a betting round is called opening the round. On the first betting
round, it is also called opening the pot, though in variants where blind bets are common, the blind bets 'open' and other
players call and/or raise the 'big blind' bet. Some poker variations have special rules about opening a round that may
not apply to other bets. For example, a game may have a betting structure that specifies different allowable amounts
for opening than for other bets, or may require a player to hold certain cards (such as 'Jacks or better') to open.


Index: 5
PARA1: <b>A game</b> consists of a <b>sequence of points</b> played with the same player serving. A game is
won by the first player to have won at least four points in total and at least two points more than the opponent. The
running <b>score</b> of each game is described in a manner peculiar to tennis: scores from zero to three points are
described as 'love', 'fifteen', 'thirty', and 'forty' respectively. If at least three points have been scored by each player, and
the scores are equal, the score is 'deuce'. If at least three points have been scored by each side and a player has one
more point than his opponent, the score of the game is 'advantage' for the player in the lead.
PARA1: A point in tennis is the smallest subdivision of the match, the completion of which changes the score. A point
can consist of a double fault by the server, in which case it is won by the receiver; otherwise, it begins with a legal
serve by one side's server to the receiver on the other, and continues until one side fails to make a legal return to the
other, losing the point. Four points win a game, counted as 15 (1 point), 30 (2 points), 40 (3 points). A game must be
won by at least two points.


Index: 6
PARA1: The objective of <b>rebounding</b> is to successfully gain possession of the basketball after a missed field
goal or free throw, as it rebounds from the hoop or backboard. This plays a major role in the game, as most
possessions end when a team misses a shot. There are two categories of rebounds: offensive rebounds, in which the
ball is recovered by the offensive side and does not change possession, and defensive rebounds, in which the defending
team gains possession of the loose ball. The majority of rebounds are defensive, as the team on defense tends to be in
better position to recover missed shots.
PARA1: A pass is a method of moving the ball between players. Most passes are accompanied by a step forward to
increase power and are followed through with the hands to ensure accuracy. A staple pass is the chest pass. The ball is
passed directly from the passer's chest to the receiver's chest. A proper chest pass involves an outward snap of the
thumbs to add velocity and leaves the defence little time to react.


Index: 7
PARA1: After receiving his first two cards and before any more are dealt to him, a player has the option to <b>'double
down.'</b> This means the player is allowed to double his initial bet in exchange for receiving only one more card
from the dealer. The hand played consists of his original two cards plus one more from the dealer. To do this he moves
a second bet equal to the first into the betting box next to his original bet. (If desired and allowed by casino rules, the
player is usually allowed to 'double down for less,' placing an amount less than the original bet next to it in the betting
box, although this is generally not a good idea as the player should only double in favorable situations but should then
increase the bet as much as possible. Conversely, a player cannot 'double down for more' than the value of the original
bet.)
PARA1: Split a pair: If his first two cards are a 'pair,' meaning two cards of the same value, the player can 'split the
pair.' To do this, he moves a second bet equal to the first into an area outside the betting box of the original bet. The
dealer separates the cards to create two hands, placing one bet with each hand. The player then plays two separate
hands.


Index: 8
PARA1: <b>A touchdown (TD)</b> is worth 6 points. It is scored when a player runs the ball into or catches a pass in
his opponent's end zone. A touchdown is analogous to a try in rugby. Unlike rugby, a player does not have to touch
the ball to the ground to score; a touchdown is scored any time a player has possession of the ball while the ball is on
or beyond the opponents' goal line (or the plane above it).
PARA1: A field goal (FG) is worth 3 points, and it is scored by kicking the ball over the crossbar and through the goal
posts (uprights). Field goals may be placekicked (kicked when the ball is held vertically against the ground by a
teammate) or drop-kicked (extremely uncommon in the modern game, with only two successes in sixty-plus years in
the NFL). A field goal is usually attempted on fourth down instead of a punt when the ball is close to the opponent's
goal line, or, when there is little or no time left to otherwise score.


Index: 9
PARA1: One or more players are usually required to make forced bets, usually either an ante or a blind bet (sometimes
both). The dealer shuffles the cards, the player on the chair to their right cuts, and the dealer deals the appropriate
number of cards to the players one at a time, beginning with the player to their left. Cards may be dealt either face-up
or face-down, depending on the variant of <b>poker</b> being played. After the initial deal, the first of what may be
several betting rounds begins. Between rounds, the players' hands develop in some way, often by being dealt additional
cards or replacing cards previously dealt. At the end of each round, all bets are gathered into the central pot.
PARA1: At any time during a betting round, if one player bets and no opponents choose to call (match) the bet and
instead fold, the hand ends immediately, the bettor is awarded the pot, no cards are required to be shown, and the next
hand begins. This is what makes bluffing possible. Bluffing is a primary feature of poker, one that distinguishes it
from other vying games and from other games that make use of poker hand rankings.


Index: 10
PARA1: <b>A game point</b> occurs in tennis whenever the player who is in the lead in the game needs only one
more point to win the game. The terminology is extended to sets (set point), matches (match point), and even
championships (championship point). For example, if the player who is serving has a score of 40-love, the player has a
triple game point (triple set point, etc.) as the player has three consecutive chances to win the game. Game points, set
points, and match points are not part of official scoring and are not announced by the chair umpire in tournament play.
PARA1: A break point occurs if the receiver, not the server, has a game point. Break points are of particular
importance because serving is generally advantageous. A receiver who has two (score of 15-40) or three (score of
love-40) consecutive chances to win the game has double break point or triple break point, respectively.


Index: 11
PARA1: In Washington today, the Federal Aviation Administration released air traffic control tapes from the night the
TWA Flight eight hundred <b>went down</b>. There's nothing new on why the plane <b>exploded</b> , but you
cannot miss the moment. ABC's Lisa Stark has more.
PARA1: There was no hint of trouble in the last conversation between controllers and TWA pilot Steven Snyder TWA
eight hundred climb maintain one five thousand. TWA's eight hundred heavy climb and maintain one five thousand
leavin- three thousand. But a minute and a half later, a pilot from a nearby flight calls in. Ah, we just saw an
explosion up ahead of us here about sixteen thousand feet or something like that. It just went down.


Index: 12
PARA1: Mikhail Kalashnikov is the Russian who <b>gave his name</b> to the world's most widely wielded weapon,
according to a news agency report Friday.
PARA1: Kalashnikov designed the AK-47 automatic rifle, famed for its reliability and effectiveness. Together with its
derivatives, the Kalashnikov rifle has been used by the police and armies of 55 countries and an assortment of
guerrillas, terrorists and just plain thugs around the globe. Seventy-five million copies of the rifle have been built since
it entered production in February 1947, making it history's most widely distributed weapon.


Index: 13
PARA1: An American leader of a U.N. weapons inspection team <b>resumed work</b> in Iraq Friday, nearly two
months after his team was effectively blocked.
PARA1: Scott Ritter led his team on a 10-hour tour of three suspected weapons sites classified as ``sensitive'' by the
Iraqi authorities, U.N. spokesman Alan Dacey said. ``All sites were to the satisfaction of the inspection team and with
full cooperation of Iraqi authorities,'' Dacey said. ``All sites were inspected to the satisfaction of the inspection team
and with full cooperation of Iraqi authorities,'' Dacey said.


Index: 14
PARA1: A phony address listed on disclosure forms for a French donor <b>will cost</b> the far-right German
People's Union about 549,000 marks (dlrs 305,000), parliament said Friday.
PARA1: Parliamentary president Rita Suessmuth said the People's Union correctly listed Jacques de Mathan as having
donated about 274,500 marks in 1995, but gave a false address for him. German law requires parties to publish the
name and address of anyone who donates more than 20,000 marks (dlrs 1,000)."The anti-foreigner party said it wanted
to protect the donor from possible attacks.


Index: 15
PARA1: Diplomacy appears to be <b>making headway</b> in resolving the united nation's standoff with Iraq. A UN
spokesman says UN secretary general Kofi Annan is <b>on the verge of a breakthrough</b>, but added it's not done
yet.
PARA1: Annan wrapped up a three hour meeting with Iraqi president Saddam Hussein in Baghdad today. He's
expected to meet with Iraqi deputy prime minister Tariq Aziz later this afternoon. One major sticking point has been
Iraq's proposal to open it's presidential sites for no more than sixty days. The UN security council insists any deal must
allow UN inspectors unrestricted access to all suspected weapons sites.


Index: 16
PARA1: Despite the recent possibility of military conflict with Iraq, <b>oil prices have been falling</b>, that's
because of a worldwide glut of oil. Now with a diplomatic solution to the crisis seemingly at hand, get set for oil
prices from the Brent north sea variety to light swede crude to fall further.
PARA1: Oil prices have come down from the middle of October from a twenty-two dollar barrel level down to the
fourteen dollars we 're seeing today. that 's built up a heck of a momentum and that momentum will look to increase.
ah next up is that thirteen dollar a barrel level we saw in the winter of nineteen ninety-four. Weakened oil prices have
already made life easier for motorists at the gas pump. Gas prices fell nearly two cents a gallon over the last two
weeks. That according to the Lundberg survey of ten thousand gas stations nationwide.


Index: 17
PARA1: New evidence is suggesting that a <b>series of bombings</b> in Atalanta and last month's explosion at an
Alabama women's clinic might be related.
PARA1: Atlanta nineteen ninety-six. A bomb blast shocks the Olympic games. One person is killed. January nineteen
ninety-seven. Atlanta again. This time a bomb at an abortion clinic. More people are hurt. And just last month, an off
duty policeman is killed when a bomb explodes at another abortion clinic. Location, Birmingham, Alabama.


Index: 18
PARA1: The Pentagon said today it will re-examine the question are the remains inside the Tomb of the Unknown
from the Vietnam War, in fact, known? CBS News first reported last night that the tomb may contain the remains of
Air Force pilot Michael Blassie.
PARA1: There was a suspicion the body was Blassie because his uniform and ID card were found near the body in
Vietnam. But subsequently, they were lost. Blassie's mother now wants the remains in the tomb tested for DNA.


Index: 19
PARA1: The economy <b>created jobs</b> at a surprisingly robust pace in January. The government reported on
Friday, evidence that America's economic stamina has withstood any disruptions caused so far by the financial tumult
in Asia.
PARA1: The Bureau of Labor Statistics said the economy added 358,000 jobs last month, far above the 235,000
forecast by economists. It was the third consecutive month that job generation has been exceptionally strong. With
growing opportunities for work drawing more people into the labor force, the unemployment rate remained at 4.7
percent last month, just a notch above its quarter-century low. The demand for workers also led employers to raise
wages again last month. Average hourly earnings of production and nonsupervisory employees rose 4 cents, to $12.51.
The gain left wages 3.8 percent higher than a year earlier, extending a trend that has given back to workers some of the
earning power they lost.


Index: 20
PARA1: A Brooklyn woman who was watching her clothes dry in a laundromat was <b>killed</b> Thursday
evening when two would-be robbers emptied their pistols into the store, the police said.
PARA1: Ms. Sanders was hit several times and was pronounced dead at the scene. The other customers fled, and the
police said it did not appear that anyone else was injured. The men took no money from their victim or from the
establishment, said Detective Joseph Pentangelo, a Police Department spokesman.


Index: 21
PARA1: Former savings and loan chief, Charles Keating, is <b>facing more legal troubles</b> in California. A federal
appeals court has reinstated his state convictions for securities fraud.
PARA1: In nineteen ninety-one Charles Keating was convicted in state court of helping to defraud thousands of
investors who bought high risk junk bonds sold by Keating's employees at Lincoln savings and loan. The bonds
became worthless when the bankrupt thrift was seized by government regulators. Keating's convictions were thrown
out in nineteen ninety-six on a technicality. And on that basis Keating was released from prison before he was eligible
for parole. Now the ninth US circuit court of appeals has ruled that the original appeal was flawed since it brought up
issues that had not been raised before. That means the convictions stand, a ruling likely to send Keating's lawyers back
to state court where they must start over with a new appeal.


Index: 22
PARA1: Officials in California are warning residents that oncoming rains will cause dangerous and unpredictable
<b>landslides</b>.
PARA1: Experts say the ground is so saturated it cannot absorb any more water. So that means soil will fall off in
chunks and destroy anything in its path. In Los Angeles that lesson was brought home today when tons of earth
cascaded down a hillside, ripping two houses from their foundations. No one was hurt, but firefighters ordered the
evacuation of nearby homes and said they'll monitor the shifting ground. In the northern California town of Rio Nido,
officials say a football field sized slab of hillside could still break loose at any time and destroy an entire
neighborhood. And in San Francisco, a mansion overlooking the Pacific Ocean and the Golden Gate Bridge is
slipping toward the sea. Forecasters say the picture will get worse because more rains are on the way. For NPR news,
I'm Auncil Martinez reporting.


Index: 23
PARA1: Some 1,500 ethnic Albanians <b>marched</b> Sunday in downtown Istanbul, burning Serbian flags to
protest the killings of ethnic Albanians by Serb police in southern Serb Kosovo province.
PARA1: The police barred the crowd from reaching the Yugoslavian consulate in downtown Istanbul, but allowed
them to demonstrate on nearby streets.


Index: 24
PARA1: We are here this week to witness the <b>rendezvous</b> that Fidel Castro and the Pope are having with
history. We are here because what happens on this island will also have an impact on the United States. Everything
that happens in Cuba gets America's attention.
PARA1: Incidentally, we just show up to do the broadcast, and Cubans want to know what we 're going to tell
Americans, in many cases, what their relatives in the United States are going to hear. Well, this is the eve of the
Pope's visit to one of the last bastions of Communism anywhere in the world, and it is already causing enormous
expectations. In Revolution Square, they put up a giant cross today. And right across from the Cuban revolutionary
icon Che Guevara, they now have a giant portrait of Jesus. Above it in Spanish, Jesus, in you we believe.


Index: 25
PARA1: Yesterday New York governor George Pataki <b>toured</b> five counties that have been declared under a
state of emergency. He added one more today.
PARA1: Helicopters are flying over northern New York today trying to locate people stranded without food, heat or
medicine.


Index: 26
PARA1: A new Essex County task force began <b>delving</b> Thursday into the slayings of 14 black women over
the last five years in the Newark area, as law-enforcement officials acknowledged that they needed to work harder to
solve the cases of murdered women.
PARA1: The police and prosecutors said they had identified different suspects in six of the cases and had yet to find
any pattern linking the killings or the victims, several of whom were believed to be prostitutes.


Index: 27
PARA1: The US is <b>bolstering its military presence</b> in the gulf, as President Clinton discussed the Iraq crisis
with the one ally who has backed his threat of force, British prime minister Tony Blair.
PARA1: President Clinton rolled out the red carpet for prime minister Blair, welcoming him not only as a close ally,
but a close friend. Posing for photographers with Clinton, Blair pledged to stand united with the president against Iraq,
warning Saddam Hussein that the threat of force is real.


Index: 28
PARA1: The day had arrived, after several attempts, this time it was only to who where going <b>to get to the
confluence point</b>. A group friends in motorcycles joined us up to Cambalaya river.
PARA1: We left at 6:00am of a rather cloudy day. The road up the Sama hill was foggy, this made the ascent difficult,
specially for the motorcycles. Finaly, at 3880 meters we arrived into Iscayachi where we stoped for coffe before
moving on. Half an our latter we where going down towards the Paicho valley, known for nut and peach production;
we corssed the whole valley until we arrived at Huayaco Farm, from there we detoured on El Salado ravine which lead
us into the Camblaya river. We got there by 11:00 am. Very satisfied of having accomplished the first objective of the
expedition we took a rest and enjoyed the scenery.


Index: 29
PARA1: With four days up my sleeve over the Chinese National Day holiday, I chose <b>to try for this
confluence</b>, expecting that it might prove a bit of a challenge. It is located in the extreme southwest of Hunan
Province, in a fairly remote, mountainous and densely forested region of Jiangyong County, in a small, nipple-shaped
piece that protrudes into neighbouring Guangxi Autonomous Region. It is actually not all that far from Guilin, the latter
being a must-see tourist destination, famous for its pointy mountains.""
PARA1: To get to the confluence, I caught the Hong Kong-to-Shanghai intercity train on Friday afternoon, getting off
in Chenzhou where I stayed the night, then spent most of Saturday travelling east by road on a succession of three
buses. Although the highways were in pretty reasonable condition, we were nonetheless forced to brake suddenly and
frequently in order to avoid running over meandering dogs. They were very prevalent, and treated the road as though it
were their own private recreation ground, totally oblivious to the heavy vehicles thundering down upon them.


Index: 30
PARA1: Having been granted three weeks' leave by my very accommodating boss, I was able <b>to embark</b> on
another serious Chinese confluence hunt, this time with the rather ambitious aim of finishing off both Hunan Province
(11 confluences remaining out of 18) and Chongqing Municipality (4 confluences remaining out of 9). I was very
pleased that my colleague and original confluencing mentor Tony could accompany me, although for only the first four
days, coinciding with the four-day Easter long weekend.
PARA1: Tony and I met up at Hong Kong's Hung Hom railway station in the afternoon, from where we planned to
catch the 3 p.m. Shanghai-bound cross-border train. The severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS) epidemic was at its
peak, both in Hong Kong and in mainland China, and most of the waiting passengers were wearing face masks for
protection. Our train left on time, and we enjoyed the luxury of our modern hard-sleeper berths for the eight-hour
journey to the south of Hunan Province. We disembarked in the city of Chenzhou at 11 p.m., and immediately checked
into the Tianhu Hotel, conveniently located right next to the Chenzhou Central Bus Station. Convenient, that is, if
that's where your bus leaves from. We subsequently discovered that ours didn't.


Index: 31
PARA1: Our objective, 31N 105E, is about 100 km east of the center of Chengdu. Road distance is probable closer to
120 km. While I would prefer to cycle to these confluence points, the distance is too great and time too short, so we
cheated a bit (a big bit, actually) and took a bus.
PARA1: Larry met me at my house a 7:05, ten minutes early he said to offset the last time when he was ten minutes
late. 'Now I’m even,' he said with a laugh. Godspeed agreed to meet at the bus station on the north side of town, closer
to where he lived. On the ride there, Larry commented that he enjoyed cycling early in the morning before the bike
traffic in Chengdu gets heavy and slows him down. It was still dark when we met, Larry’s time of day.


Index: 32
PARA1: This is the first of a three-confluence hunt trip in northeastern Sichuan province I undertook solo in late
August 2003. Living in China for the past five years and operating Bike China Adventures bike touring company, my
schedule always seems to be in flux making it difficult to plan things much in advance. So while I had hoped that I
would have four days <b>to do this trip</b>, I did not know for sure until the day before. This poses problems when
traveling by train as tickets go on sale four days in advance. When I had stopped by one of the many train ticket
agencies looking for a ticket to Wanyuan, the agent said she did not have any for the time and date I wanted. After
seeing my dejected look, she added that I might be able to get one at the North Train Station. It was on the other side
of the city, but it was my only choice.
PARA1: The North Train Station is like those in most of the big Chinese cities; a huge sprawling affair teeming with
people crowded into endless lines that fill from the front. In China cutting line or jumping the queue is a fine art.
Looking at the 50 people in front on me and calculating the amount of time it would take to get to the front almost
made me give up. I spotted a sign indicating another line was for foreigners and soldiers, and joined that one, though it
was just as long as the rest. However, a few minutes later one of the station attendants came by and asked me where I
was going. I told her Wanyuan and I needed a ticket on tomorrow's 1062 train. She disappeared for a while and when
she returned she said I could get a hard seat ticket. It was not a hard sleeper, but better than nothing.


Index: 33
PARA1: After a failed intend to reach the confluence 20°S 63°W, we crossed several kilometers knowing many
places, leaving Charagua until arriving at Monteagudo in the department of Chuquisaca. In this population my father
and Javier were waiting for us, and we all together would continue to our next objective.
PARA1: On the next day we left Monteagudo (19°48'11.13 ' S and 63°57'18.42 ' W), at 6:15 A.M. and after some
preparations we took the way to Huacareta, toward South. After 30 kilometers approximately, we had to enter by a
creek towards a community named Vallecito, the access is not shown in the Google Earth and in maps of IGM it
seems to be on the creek. Luckily a way exists which we could accede relatively easy, we crossed 2 kilometers until
we arrived at 600 meters of the confluence.


Index: 34
PARA1: In order to reach this confluence, I set my base camp in San Pedro de Atacama, a small town around 90km
east from Calama (1400km north-east from Santiago), II region in Chile.
PARA1: I started a research about how to reach this point around a month earlier. Using Google earth, I found a trail
that followed a line of electric towers and that was following the right direction. Finally, I found out that the trail I had
found allowed me to reach as close as 5km from the confluence. In summary, I rented a 4x4 vehicle from Euro Rent a
Car (In San Pedro) that offered me a very reasonable price considering that they saved me to travel back to Calama (a
bigger city) to get it. I found very valuable information also from Javier, an Argentinean guy that settled in San Pedro
around 10 years ago. He runs a pub in Tocopilla street between Caracoles and Padre Le Paige


Index: 35
PARA1: This summer I had to drive from Chengdu to Panzhihua. Thankfully this time I took a look at Google Earth
before I left. I found that 27N 102E was not too far from the road where I would be traveling. After finishing up
business in Panzhihua, I was able to drive to the town of MiYi, which is the closest large town to this confluence. Miyi
is pretty impressive, as countryside towns go - it seems that the entire town has been built in the last 2 years! There are
hundreds of apartments and storefronts awaiting people to move in and start to make this area prosperous.
PARA1: The next morning I set out pretty early for the confluence point. My Sichuan map showed a road heading
right towards where the confluence should be. It has recently been rebuilt as well - perfectly wide and smooth
concrete, and later, as the road climbs up the forested mountains it turns to smooth asphalt. The whole time there are
locals tending to their fruit trees and rice fields.


Index: 36
PARA1: The alarm went off at 6 a.m., and by 6:56 a.m. I was on a train heading north from Changsha to Miluo. Miluo
is about 20 kilometres south of the confluence, and I was planning to go by road from there. But once on the train, I
discovered that it would also stop at the tiny station of Taolin, less than 12 kilometres east of the confluence. So I
upgraded my ticket on the train, and got off at Taolin instead. I later learned that I had been quite lucky, because this
was the *only* train that stopped at Taolin each day.
PARA1: It was now 8:40 a.m. What followed was a truly bone-shattering, hour-long ride in the back of a small, three-
wheeled truck converted to passenger use. Conversion to passenger use meant the installation of two wooden planks,
which were extremely uncomfortable to sit on as the truck bounced its way along the dirt road. My bum was sore for
days afterwards!


Index: 37
PARA1: After having rained the entire time I had been out walking, as soon as I boarded the boat for the three-hour
trip from Pingkou to Anhua, the sun came out! The journey was, as a result, most pleasant, but I couldn't help
lamenting how much more enjoyable the walk to and from the confluence that morning would have been had the sun
been shining then. Unfortunately, this pattern of rain-sun-rain-sun, with the rain making its appearance at the most
inopportune moments, was to repeat itself several more times before my confluence expedition was over.
PARA1: By 7 p.m., I had checked into the Anhua Hotel, the best hotel in Anhua, only to discover later that there was
no hot water for bathing, due to maintenance work that was being carried out. The night before in Pingkou, there had
been no hot water on account of the power blackout. Such is life.

